Jens Härtel is the manager of 1 . FC Magdeburg and plays for SV Germania Schöneiche and is the manager of 1 . FC Magdeburg .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for FSV Zwickau and is the manager of 1 . FC Magdeburg and plays for FSV Zwickau .
1 . FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 – 15 Regionalliga season .
The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Uab .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba .
103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham .
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the capital is Cape Town and one of the ethnic groups is Coloured .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 in the year 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in the Monocacy National Battlefield .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , was followed by Ring of Fire II and followed by Ring of Fire II .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and has 448 pages .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair and was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and is available in hardcover .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . and has 512 pages and the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is available in hardcover .
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in United States .
200 Public Square , which was completed in 1985 , is located in Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States . The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , where Frank G . Jackson is a leader .
The architecture style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern architecture .
Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and has 12 floors .
250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
250 Delaware Avenue has 12 floors and is located in United States and has 12 floors .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago .
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . The capital of Illinois is Springfield and the leader is Rahm Emanuel .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
300 North LaSalle , which has 60 floors , is 111484 square metres and was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors .
The architect of 320 South Boston Building was George Winkler .
George Winkler was the architect of the 320 South Boston Building .
George Winkler was the architect of 320 South Boston Building which has 22 floors .
The construction of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910 .
The architect of 3Arena is Dublin .
The architect of 3Arena is East Link Bridge .
3Arena was designed by the architect HOK SVE and completed in December 2008 .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Leinster , and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
Massimo Drago is the manager of A . C . Cesena and plays for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 and is the manager of A . C . Cesena .
A . C . Chievo Verona has 39371 members and their ground is in Verona , Italy .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran .
Rolando Maran , who was born in Italy , is a member of the Chesterfield F . C . and is also a member of the Carrarese Calcio club .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran , who was born in Italy .
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA ( abbreviated to A . C . Lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro / A league .
The ground of A . C . Lumezzane is located in Italy , where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Michele Marcolini , who was born in Italy , is a member of the Chesterfield F . C . and is also a member of the A . C . Chievo Verona club .
A . D . Isidro Metapán play in the Salvadoran Primera División .
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez is the manager of A . D . Isidro Metapán and plays for El Salvador national football team and is the manager of A . D . Isidro Metapán .
The manager of A . D . Isidro Metapán is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez who plays for FC Dallas .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their chairman is Antonis Milionis .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP league and has 1500 members .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 – 15 A EPSTH , Greece season .
The full name of A . F . C . Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool .
A . F . C . Blackpool ' s ground is in Blackpool .
The full name of A . F . C . Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool and they have 1500 members .
A . F . C . Blackpool ' s ground is in The Mechanics , .
The ground of A . F . C . Blackpool is located in Blackpool , where the leader is Conservative Party ( UK ) and the leader is Conservative Party ( UK ) .
The ground of A . F . C . Blackpool is located in Blackpool , where the leader is Gordon Marsden and the leader is Gordon Marsden .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Blackburn Rovers F . C . .
Stuart Parker ( footballer ) is the manager of A . F . C . Blackpool and plays for Runcorn F . C . Halton and is the manager of A . F . C . Blackpool .
The ground of A . F . C . Blackpool is located in Blackpool , where the leader is Labour Party ( UK ) and the leader is Labour Party ( UK ) .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Irlam Town F . C . .
The full name of A . F . C . Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde , they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
Dave Challinor is the manager of A . F . C . Fylde and plays for Colwyn Bay F . C . and is the manager of A . F . C . Fylde .
A . F . C . Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in Lancashire .
The full name of A . F . C . Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde , they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in Gubbio .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the Italian language is spoken and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in Gubbio .
The full name of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S . p . A . and they have 19238 members .
A . S . Livorno Calcio ' s ground is in Livorno and they play in Serie B .
Carpi F . C . 1909 are the champions of the Serie B which is the manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio .
The manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for A . S . Roma .
Christian Panucci is the manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio and plays for Real Madrid C . F . and is the manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , written by J . V . Jones , has the OCLC number 51969173 and an ISBN number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones and is available in hardcover .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones and has the OCLC number 51969173 and an ISBN number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is 672 pages long and has the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317 .
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys and was followed by Weymouth Sands .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover .
A Long Long Way is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 57392246 .
A Long Long Way is written in English .
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and has the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press who publish the A Long Long Way .
A Loyal Character Dancer , written by Qiu Xiaolong , has the OCLC number 49805501 and an ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and has the OCLC number 49805501 and an ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in hardcover .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written in English and published by Soho Press in the United States .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . It is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where the language is English and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735 and the ISBN number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735 .
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States and is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages and the OCLC number 8805735 .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has 560 pages and the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
Marriott International is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors .
Marriott International is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark , where the leader is Margrethe II of Denmark .
Marriott International is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark , where the language is English and the leader is Bill Marriott .
Marriott International is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Denmark , where the leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is owned by the DEVELOPER .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 23 floors and was designed by the architect 3XN and has 23 floors .
Marriott International is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is located at Copenhagen and has 23 floors .
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa who plays for Juventus F . C . .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Paulo Sousa who plays for Inter Milan and is the manager of ACF Fiorentina and plays for Inter Milan .
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems was published by Association for Computing Machinery in New York City . The leader of the country is Alexander L . Wolf .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Athens .
AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members and their ground is in Greece .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) and they play in Superleague Greece .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Greece and they have been champions of LEAGUE .
Gus Poyet is the manager of AEK Athens F . C . and plays for Chelsea F . C . and is the manager of AEK Athens F . C . .
The Olympic Stadium , located in Marousi , is the manager of AEK Athens F . C . and plays for Chelsea F . C . .
AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members and play in the 2014 season and has 69618 members .
AEK Athens F . C . played in the 2014 – 15 Football League ( Greece ) season .
The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located in Amsterdam , where the leader is Eberhard van der Laan .
The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located in Amsterdam , where the leader is Eberhard van der Laan .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , whose ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , tenanted by Jong Ajax and Ajax Youth Academy .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , tenanted by Jong Ajax .
The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs , they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is HIV / AIDS and the ISSN number is 0269 - 9370 .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is HIV / AIDS and the ISSN number is 1473 - 5571 .
AIDS ( journal ) is from the United Kingdom .
AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader .
Am . J . Math is the abbreviation for the AIP Advances which has the EISSN number 2158 .
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances . His alma mater is Stanford University .
AWH Engineering College in Kerala , India has 250 academic staff .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 2001 . The Ganges is a river in India .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , COUNTRY was established in 2001 . It has 250 academic staff .
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for İstanbulspor A . Ş . and is the manager of AZ Alkmaar .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is John van den Brom who plays for Netherlands national football team and is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for Netherlands national football team .
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014 – 15 Eredivisie season .
The BUILDING is located in Baku .
AZAL PFK ' s ground is in AZAL Arena , Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan .
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken and the leader is LEADERNAME .
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 . The runway name is 10R / 28L .
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( abbreviated to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . ) has the ISSN number 1865 - 8784 and the LCCN number 32024459 .
Springer Science + Business Media , founded by Julius Springer , is the publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas and is 546 metres above sea level . The runway name is 17L / 35R and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix .
Aenir is written in English and was written in English .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and was followed by Above the Veil .
Above the Veil is available in hardcover .
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix and has 248 pages .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 and has NUMBEROFSTUDENTS students and 100 academic staff .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Belgaum – 560090 , India .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The president of the Acharya Institute of Technology is B . M . Reddy .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , COUNTRY .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India . It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka , India . It was established in 2000 and its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " and its motto is " Nurturing Excellence " .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University . Its president is B . M . Reddy .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Mumbai .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , located in Mumbai , is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka which is governed by the International Tennis Federation . It is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the ISSN number 0236 - 5294 .
The ISSN number of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) has the ISSN number 0567 - 7920 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) comes under the academic discipline of Paleobiology and has the ISSN number 0567 - 7920 .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and has the ISSN number 1732 - 2421 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
The MONUMENT was established in ESTABLISHED .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property and is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , which is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , is categorised as a contributing property and is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania .
Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the significant buildings of the SIGNIFICANTAdare Manor .
George Richard Pain was the architect of Adare Manor , which was completed in 1862 .
The architect of Adare Manor was James Pain and George Richard Pain , .
Adare Manor was designed by the architect Philip Charles Hardwick and was completed in 1862 .
Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the Adare Manor . The leader of Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny .
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick , County Limerick .
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick , Munster , where the leader is LEADERNAME .
The LCCN number of Addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
Addiction ( journal ) is academically focused on Addiction .
Addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to Addiction ) has the ISSN number 1360 - 0443 and the ISSN number 1360 - 0443 .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell who publish the Addiction ( journal ) . It has the ISSN number 0965 - 2140 .
Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1964 and has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and was completed in 1964 .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is served by Adirondack Regional Airport . The runway length is 2003 . 0 .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid and serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York . The airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
Adisham Hall , which was completed in 1931 , is located in Haputale and was completed in 1931 .
Adisham Hall , which was completed in 1931 , is located in Sri Lanka and was completed in 1931 .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , where Ranil Wickremesinghe is a leader .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture .
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and its president is Elizabeth Garrett and the president is Elizabeth Garrett .
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly which is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land - grant Universities and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is 610 . 0 metres above sea level .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama , Community of Madrid , Spain .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE . The airport is 610 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 . 0 and the runway name is 14L / 32R .
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 18L / 36R .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and operated by ENAIRE . The runway name is 18L / 36R and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
The book Aenir was written by Garth Nix and was followed by Above the Veil .
Aenir is written in English .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has 233 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba .
Agra airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force . It has the ICAO location identifier of AGR and the IATA location identifier is AGR .
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force . The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG . The airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG and the airport is located in Uttar Pradesh .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh .
The ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in Alagoas which is located in Alagoas . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca , Alagoas , Brazil .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense ' s ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca , Arapiraca , Brazil .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan .
Akita Museum of Art in Akita Prefecture , Japan has 3 floors and is located in Akita Prefecture , Japan .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan , where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan , where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan , where Tarō Asō is a leader .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita , Japan , where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
Akita Museum of Art is in Japan where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita , Japan , where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
The address of Akita Museum of Art is 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori .
Guadalajara is located in United States .
Akron , Ohio is in the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The BUILDING is located in Summit County , Ohio .
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , Summit County , Ohio .
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season season .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah .
The runway length of Al - Taqaddum Air Base is 3684 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where the Arabic is spoken .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq . The runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and operated by United States Air Force . The runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase which is located in Iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and operated by United States Air Force . The runway name is 09R / 27L and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . They deploy the ATTACKAIRCRAFT attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The USAF fought in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . They deploy the ATTACKAIRCRAFT attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The USAF fought in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft .
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and the Lockheed AC - 130 .
The Mason School of Business , located in the United States , is the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in 30 March 2007 .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia , United States . The current tenants are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall .
Alan B . Miller Hall is owned by College of William & Mary .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall which is located at 101 Ukrop Way , Williamsburg , Virginia .
Alan Bean , who was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 .
Alan Bean is from the United States .
Alan Bean , who was born in Wheeler , Texas , is now retired .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and was selected by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . in 1955 . He was a crew member of Apollo 12 . He was a crew member of Apollo 12 .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 . He was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and served as a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 . He was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Alan Shepard was born on July 23 , 1927 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He was selected by NASA in 1959 . He died in California .
Alan Shepard is now retired .
Alan Shepard , who was born in New Hampshire , was a crew member of Apollo 14 which is operated by NASA .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 which was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the capital is Bucharest .
The area code for Albany , Georgia is 229 .
Albany , Georgia is part of Dougherty County , Georgia , where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group in United States where the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the BUILDING in Georgia ( U . S . state ) .
The country is the location of the UNIVERSITY which is located in Georgia ( U . S . state ) , United States . The leader of the country is LEADERNAME and one of the ethnic groups are the Americans .
Albany , Oregon is part of Oregon .
Albany , Oregon is part of United States .
The area code for Albuquerque , New Mexico is 505 , 575 .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the Mayor .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the New Mexico House of Representatives .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the New Mexico Senate .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is located in Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States .
The total area of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the New Mexico Senate .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was published in MEDIATYPE and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
The OCLC number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 78771100 and the ISBN number is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson and was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States and is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . It is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages and the OCLC number 78771100 .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level . The 1st runway is made of asphalt and has a runway length of 733 . 0 and is named 08 / 26 .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14 / 32 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the OPERATINGORGANISATION .
Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is operated by the OPERATINGORGANISATION . The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport in Pakistan is operated by the OPERATINGORGANISATION . The runway name is 18L / 36R and it has a runway length of 3310 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . The runway name is 18R / 36L and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360 . 12 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan . The airport has a runway length of 1533 . 0 and is 210 metres above sea level .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan . The airport has a runway length of 2744 . 0 and is 210 metres above sea level .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpharetta , Georgia is part of Fulton County , Georgia , in the United States .
Alpharetta , Georgia is part of Fulton County , Georgia , where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Alpharetta , Georgia is part of Georgia ( U . S . state ) , where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The largest city in Alpharetta , Georgia , United States is LARGESTAlpharetta , Georgia . The largest city of Fulton County , Georgia is LARGESTAlpharetta , Georgia .
The total area of Amarillo , Texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
The city of Amarillo , Texas is part of Potter County , Texas , United States . The capital of United States is Washington D . C . and African Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the state of Texas , United States .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of United States where the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the UNIVERSITY .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the state of Texas which is in the state of Texas , United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the state of Texas , United States . The language of the country is English and the language is English .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Randall County , Texas .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Texas .
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy .
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy .
Amatriciana sauce is a dish from the Lazio region of Italy . The main ingredients are Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India . The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Gujarat .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India . The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan .
American Journal of Mathematics is academically focused on Mathematics .
American Journal of Mathematics ( abbreviated to Am . J . Math . ) is academically focused on Mathematics .
The AIDS journal was first published in 1878 and has the parent company Johns Hopkins University .
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of PUBLISHER who publish the American Journal of Mathematics .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri Lanka is Austin Fernando .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . The leader of Sri Lanka is Eastern Provincial Council .
The leader of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka is Austin Fernando and the leader is Austin Fernando .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a length of RUNWAYLENGTH .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has the number 18 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
The first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . The runway name is 09 / 27 ' Buitenveldertbaan ' and has a length of 2014 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . The runway name is 18L / 36R ' Aalsmeerbaan ' and has a length of 2014 . 0 .
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06 / 24 ' Kaagbaan ' .
Amsterdam ' s leader is LEADERNAME .
The area code for Anaheim , California , is 657 , 714 .
Anaheim , California is located in the state of California .
Anaheim , California is part of California .
Anaheim , California is located in Orange County , California , United States .
Anaheim , California is located in California , where the Spanish language is spoken .
Anderson , Indiana is located in Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Anderson , Indiana is located in the U . S . and has a total area of 74 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Anderson , Indiana is located in Indiana , United States .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Richland Township , Madison County , Indiana .
The elevation of the elevation of the elevation of Anderson , Indiana , part of the U . S . ) is located at 268 . 0 above sea level .
Andrews County Airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews , Texas . It is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the inhabitants are known as Texans and the capital city is Austin .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital city is Austin .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the capital is Austin and the English language is spoken .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the people are called Texans .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the largest city is Houston .
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County , Texas .
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896 . 0 .
Angola , Indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
Angola , Indiana is part of Indiana , in the United States .
Angola , Indiana is part of Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana , where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made from Asphalt .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda . The airport has a runway length of 3800 . 0 and is 159 metres above sea level .
Angola International Airport , which serves the city of Luanda , is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola .
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
The area code for Antioch , California , is 925 .
The area code for Antioch , California is 925 .
Antioch , California is located at 13 . 0 above sea level .
Antioch , California is part of Contra Costa County , California .
Antioch , California is part of San Francisco Bay Area in the English language .
Antioch , California is part of San Francisco Bay Area .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken .
Antwerp International Airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and is operated by the Flemish government and has a runway length of 600 . 0 and is operated by the Flemish government .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and served as a test pilot and was a crew member of the Apollo 12 .
Alan Bean was born in the U . S . and was operated by NASA . He retired on September 1st , 1969 .
The leader of the U . S .
William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong , was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439 . 0 .
April O ' Neil was created by Kevin Eastman .
Peter Laird is the creator of April O ' Neil .
The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae and has a runway length of 597 . 0 .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia where the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
The main ingredients of Arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Arlington , Texas is located at 184 . 0 above sea level .
Arlington , Texas is located in Tarrant County , Texas , United States .
Arlington , Texas is located in Texas , United States .
The population density of Arlington , Texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the capital is Rome .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy where the Italian language is spoken .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce .
Chili pepper is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy .
Tomato is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce which is a member of the flowering plant division and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
Olive oil is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the Rome region of Italy .
Tomato is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the Rome region of Italy .
Arròs negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain . The main ingredients are White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
Arròs negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Arròs negre is a food found in Catalonia , where the Spaniards are an ethnic group and the leader is Parliament of Catalonia .
White rice is an ingredient in Arròs negre .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region .
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community region .
Arròs negre is a dish from the Valencian Community region of Spain .
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Asam pedas is a dish from Malay Peninsula , Malaysia . The main ingredients are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria .
Asam pedas is a dish from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia , where the capital is Washington D . C . and Malaysian Malay are one of the ethnic groups .
Asam pedas is a dish from the Sumatra region of Malaysia , where the capital is Washington D . C . and Malaysian Indian are one of the ethnic groups .
Asam pedas is a dish from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia , where the capital is Washington D . C . and Malaysian Indian are one of the ethnic groups .
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia . The country ' s leader is Abu Zahar Ujang and Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the Batak are an ethnic group and the Batak are an ethnic group .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where the Malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group and the Malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 .
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is 12467 feet .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by the OPERATINGORGANISATION .
The Turkmenistan Airlines is the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport which is located in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . The airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which is in Ashgabat .
The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 11 / 29 .
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan .
The architect Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Riverside Art Museum and SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the significant buildings of the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
The architect Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds , the Riverside Art Museum and SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the significant buildings of the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in the LOCATION .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , located in Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California , was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987 - 02 - 27 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in Pacific Grove , California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987 - 02 - 27 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was built in 1913 .
Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City .
Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in New York City and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Brooklyn , where Cyrus Vance , Jr . is a leader .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , United States .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , New Netherland , United States , which is lead by Cyrus Vance , Jr . .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Manhattan , United States . The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Brooklyn .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Albert Uderzo and the American , Albert Uderzo .
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens . It is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis and the language spoken is Greek language .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . The leader of Greece is Prokopis Pavlopoulos and the language spoken is Greek language .
The area code for Atlanta , is 404 . It has a area code of 404 .
Atlanta is part of Georgia .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Kasim Reed is the leader of Atlanta .
The area code for Atlanta is 404 .
The total area of Atlantic City , New Jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is located in New Jersey , United States .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is in the United States where the capital is Washington , D . C . .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is located in Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey is the largest city in United States where LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey is the largest city .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of New Jersey .
The area of the UNIVERSITY in Atlantic City , New Jersey , is 609 .
The total area of Atlantic City , New Jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States , where Don Guardian is the leader .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in LOCATION , New Jersey , United States . The leader of the country is Don Guardian .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International airport . The airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves New Jersey .
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States where the leader is Stephen Dilts .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
The runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is 13 / 31 .
Attica , Indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
The elevation of the elevation of Attica , Indiana , part of the U . S . ) is located at 166 . 0 above sea level . It is located in the city of Attica , Indiana which is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County , Alabama .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Alabama , United States .
The city of Auburn , Alabama is located in Lee County , Alabama , United States . The capital of the country is Washington , D . C . and the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Auburn , Alabama is part of the state of Lee County , Alabama , where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the state of Lee County , Alabama in United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The total area of Auburn , Washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Auburn , Washington , which is part of King County , Washington and is in the U . S . and has a total area of 74 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Auburn , Washington is located in Pierce County , Washington , United States .
Auburn , Washington is part of King County , Washington . The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . .
Auburn , Washington is part of King County , Washington . The capital of the country is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
Auburn , Washington is located in Washington ( state ) , United States . The capital of Washington ( state ) is Springfield .
Austin , Texas is part of Texas .
Austin , Texas is a language spoken in Texas , where the largest city is LARGESTAustin , Texas .
Austin is the largest city in Texas which is located in Texas .
The largest city in Texas in Texas is LARGESTAustin , Texas . English is spoken in Hays County , Texas .
The largest city in Texas in Texas is LARGESTAustin , Texas . English is spoken in Hays County , Texas .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the Malaysia region of Indonesia .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group .
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku and the leader is President Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku and the leader is President Artur Rasizade . The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku and the National Assembly is the National Assembly .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku , and is dedicated to the DEDICATEDTO .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku .
The leader of Blackpool is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku , the leader is Artur Rasizade and the capital city is Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu .
The leader of Dublin is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
The BBC , which is located in Broadcasting House , is the location of the BBC which is located in Broadcasting House and the series was shown on the BBC in London .
BLT is a variation of BLT which is a variation of BLT .
Lettuce is an ingredient of BLT which is a variation of the dish Bacon sandwich , which is a variation of BLT .
Tomato is an ingredient in a BLT .
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area region of United States . The main ingredients are Sausage .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington DC .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and Barack Obama is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the leader is John Roberts .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and John Roberts is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are Bacon .
Bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
The BLT is a variation of the club sandwich and the club sandwich .
Bread is an ingredient of Bacon sandwich which is a variation of BLT .
The bacon sandwich , also known as Bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the United Kingdom . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Ketchup is an ingredient of Bacon sandwich , which is a variation of BLT and is a variation of BLT .
Bacon sandwich , also known as Bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the United Kingdom . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from France .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of France .
Baked Alaska is a food found in France where the leader is Manuel Valls .
Baked Alaska is a food found in France where the currency is the Euro and the currency is the Euro .
Baked Alaska is a food found in France , where French is the language spoken and the leader is Gérard Larcher .
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from United States .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of United States .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dessert .
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Baked Alaska is a dish from the Paris , New York or Hong Kong region of United States . The main ingredients are Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region .
Baked Alaska is a dish from the Hong Kong region of France , United States or China . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Baked Alaska is a dish from the Hong Kong region of United States . The main ingredients are Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region . The main ingredients are Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region . The main ingredients are Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
Bakewell pudding is part of Derbyshire and is part of Derbyshire .
Bakewell pudding can be served SERVINGTEMPERATURE .
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
Celery is an ingredient of Bakso which is a member of the Apiaceae family .
Bakso is a dish from the REGION region of Indonesia . The main ingredients are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
Bakso is a dish from the REGION region of Indonesia . The main ingredients are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble . The memorial is located in Azerbaijan , which is lead by Artur Rasizade and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
STARRING starred in Bananaman .
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by BBC .
Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by STV .
Bananaman was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling . It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling .
Bananaman was broadcast by BBC and starred Tim Brooke - Taylor .
Tim Brooke - Taylor , born in Derbyshire , starred in Bananaman .
Bandeja paisa is a food found in Colombian cuisine .
Avocado is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which comes from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine .
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
Chicharrón is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which comes from Colombian cuisine .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Lemon is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which is from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region .
Hogao is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which comes from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the French language is spoken and the leader is François Hollande .
Barny Cakes is a food found in France where the leader is Claude Bartolone .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is Manuel Valls and the leader is Manuel Valls .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the French language is spoken and the leader is François Hollande .
Barny Cakes can be found in it .
Batagor is a dish from the Indonesia and contains peanut sauce as an ingredient .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which comes from Indonesia .
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish which is a variation of Siomay and Siomay . The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo .
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is a leader and the leader is Joko Widodo .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where Batagor is a variation of Siomay . Jusuf Kalla is a leader in Indonesia .
Shumai is a variation of Batagor .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which is a variation of Siomay .
The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Batchoy is a dish from the La Paz , Iloilo City region of Philippines . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Batchoy is a main course dish from the Philippines .
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 , starring Scott Adsit . It starred Scott Adsit .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Alan Tudyk .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsit .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 .
Palm sugar is an ingredient of Beef kway teow which comes from Singapore .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the REGION region of Singapore . The main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore where the leader is Tony Tan .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob .
The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow is from the Indonesia region .
Sesame oil is an ingredient of Beef kway teow which comes from the Singapore region of Indonesia .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia , where English is spoken and the leader is Halimah Yacob .
Oyster sauce is an ingredient of Beef kway teow which comes from the Singapore region of Singapore and Indonesia .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the Singapore region of Indonesia . The main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
French is the language of Belgium .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken and the leader is Charles Michel .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . The leader of Belgium is LEADERNAME .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , Belgium . The capital of Belgium is City of Brussels and the capital is City of Brussels and the leader is Charles Michel .
The comic character Auron , full name Benjamin Urich , was created by Roger McKenzie ( comic book writer ) .
The comic character Auron ' s full name is Benjamin Urich .
Bhaji , bajji is also known as Bhajji .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , is from the Karnataka region of India .
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Bhajji is a food found in India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the currency is the Indian rupee .
Bhajji is a food found in India .
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India where the people are called Indian people and the leader is Vajubhai Vala .
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India , where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader and Indian people are leaders .
Bhajji is a food found in India where the leader is T . S . Thakur .
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of the Karnataka . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Marv Wolfman and Marv Wolfman .
The comic character Auron , full name Bo Bibbowski , was created by Marv Wolfman .
The comic character Auron ' s full name is Bo Bibbowski .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter .
Graeme Garden was born in Lancashire .
Binignit is a food found in Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group .
Banana is an ingredient of Binignit which is a dessert .
Sago is an ingredient of Binignit which is a dessert .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Sago and sweet potato .
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit .
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit which is a dessert .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Banana .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato .
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potatotes , which is a member of the order of Solanales .
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of Philippines . The main ingredients are Coconut milk .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Mexico .
Bionico is a dessert from the region of Guadalajara , Mexico . The main ingredients are Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico .
Bionico is a dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico . The main ingredients are Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
Raisin is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico .
Bionico is a dessert that can be found in Mexico where the Spanish language is spoken and the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Bionico is a dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico , where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is a leader and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the currency is the Mexican peso and the currency is the Mexican peso .
Cottage cheese is a variation of Bionico .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region .
Bionico is from the Jalisco region .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was designed by the architect John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was designed by the architect John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was designed by the architect John Madin , who was designed by the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was designed by the architect John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row .
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Jon Valor .
The comic book character Arion , also known as Mark Desmond , was created by Jan Duursema and Carmine Infantino .
The comic book character Arion , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Jan Duursema and Gary Cohn ( comics ) .
The comic book character Arion , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Jan Duursema and Gary Cohn ( comics ) .
The comic book character Arion , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Ernie Colón and Ernie Colón .
William Anders , born in British Hong Kong , was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
Cleveland is part of Erie County , New York .
Byron Brown is the leader of Andalusia .
Buzz Aldrin graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . 1963 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15th , 1932 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a crew member on Apollo 11 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15th , 1932 . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15th , 1932 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and is led by Joe Biden .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
William Anders was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15th , 1932 . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . and was operated by NASA .
William Anders , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , was a test pilot and was selected by NASA in WAS SELECTED BY NASA .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and was a crew member of Apollo 11 and operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . in 1962 and was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
William Anders , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , was a crew member of the Apollo 11 crew .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15th , 1932 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
William Anders was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . He was a crew member of the Apollo 11 crew .
Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , was a crew member of Apollo 11 and was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15th , 1932 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . in 1962 and was selected by NASA in 1963 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , Essex County , New Jersey .
Buzz Aldrin was a US national who was selected by NASA in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in the NATIONALITY . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by NASA ' s Apollo 11 .
William Anders was a crew member of the NASA ' s Apollo 11 and was operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963 .
One of the languages spoken in California is Vietnamese .
Alan Shepard was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14 .
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy .
Anaheim , California is located in California , where the Chinese language is spoken .
The Spanish language is spoken in California .
The English language is spoken in Michigan .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain , where LEADERNAME is a leader and the Spaniards are an ethnic group .
Poaceae is in the class Bird .
Christian Panucci plays for Chelsea F . C . .
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan .
Cleveland is part of Munster .
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick , Munster .
Curitiba is part of South Region , Brazil .
The largest city in Ireland is Dunwoody , Georgia .
The demonym of Denmark is Danes .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and its leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen . It is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels .
Bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He died in California .
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal in the United States Navy . He died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland .
Dublin is led by Críona Ní Dhálaigh .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . Its ICAO location identifier is KACY .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and died in St . Louis .
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St . Louis .
Elliot See graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and died in St . Louis .
Elliot See died on July 21 , 1998 .
Elliot See died in St . Louis .
Elliot See died in St . Louis on July 21 , 1998 .
Elliot See is retired .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group . It is published by Soho Press .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , where one of the ethnic groups are the ETHNICGROUP . It is published by Soho Press .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group . It is published by Soho Press .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and the book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States where the language is English .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and ETHNICGROUP are one of the ethnic groups .
Graeme Garden was born in Burbank , California .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn .
Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Guadalajara is located in Iraq .
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Tor Books .
Christian Panucci plays for FC Barcelona .
Guadalajara is located in United States .
Albany , Georgia is part of Dougherty County , Georgia .
Alpharetta , Georgia is located in Fulton County , Georgia , United States .
Guadalajara is located in United States .
Cleveland is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
FOOD is from the Umbria region .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Gujarat , whose leader is Anandiben Patel .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader .
Saranac Lake , New York is part of New York in United States .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York in the United States .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , Essex County , New York , United States .
The currency of India is the Indian rupee .
Indian people inhabit India .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 2001 . It has 250 academic staff and NUMBEROFSTUDENTS students .
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala , India . The largest city in India is Mumbai . The largest city in India is Mumbai .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala , India . The largest city in India is Mumbai and the Ganges is a river in India .
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India . The leader of India is Narendra Modi and the leader is Narendra Modi .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who uses the HAL Light Combat Helicopter .
Alexandria , Indiana is located in English , Madison County , Indiana . English is the capital of English , Madison County , Indiana . English is the capital of English , Madison County , Indiana .
Anderson , Indiana is located in Indiana , where the capital is Springfield .
Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia .
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where the leader is Joko Widodo .
Tapioca is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader .
Infraero is the operating organisation for Afonso Pena International Airport which is located in Brasília .
The novel " Aenir was written in Australians and was followed by Into Battle ( novel ) .
The Arabic is spoken in Iraq .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the Kurdish languages is spoken and the leader is Fuad Masum .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the Kurdish languages is spoken and the leader is Haider al - Abadi .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . The leader of Iraq is Fuad Masum and the language spoken is Arabic .
Amatriciana sauce is a food found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Amatriciana sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini and the language spoken is Italian .
Amatriciana sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini and the people are known as Italians .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the capital city is Rome .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso and the language spoken is Italian .
The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella .
Amatriciana sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Matteo Renzi and the language spoken is Italian .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the capital city is Rome and the official language is Italian .
The leader of Jalisco is Aristóteles Sandoval .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita , Akita , Japan .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore , where the Baduy are an ethnic group and the leader is Tony Tan .
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the Nationwide , also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore region of Java , where the Javanese people are an ethnic group .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore , where the leader is Tony Tan and the Javanese people are an ethnic group .
Christian Panucci plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig .
Doug Moench won the Eisner Award .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog .
The Library of A Glastonbury Romance is PR6031O867 .
Christian Panucci plays for FC Dallas .
The Riverside Art Musuem is the Palace Of Westminster .
The nationality of ASTRONAUT is Americans .
The ADMINISTRATIVEARRONDISSEMENT is the administrative arrondissement of Antwerp .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , COUNTRY . The leader of Kerala is Kochi .
The AWH Engineering College is in the state of Kerala which is led by Kochi .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , COUNTRY . The leader of Kerala is Kochi and its leader is Kochi .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan . The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in LOCATION , Pakistan where the leader is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana .
The BUILDING is located in Beverly Hills , California .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , the capital of which is London and the leader is Elizabeth II .
Luciano Spalletti is the manager of A . S . Rom .
Christian Panucci plays for Udinese Calcio .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Luciano Spalletti who plays for Empoli F . C . and is the manager of A . S . Rom .
AIRPORT is located in Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Anderson , Indiana is located in the city of Anderson , Indiana .
Alcobendas is in Spain .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid which is part of Community of Madrid . The leader party in Madrid is Ahora Madrid .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Spain . The leader party in Madrid is Ahora Madrid .
Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group from Malaysia .
Cleveland is part of New York .
Cleveland is part of United States .
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Bethesda , Maryland .
Doug Moench won the Kirby Award .
Christian Panucci plays for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
Massimo Drago is the manager of A . C . Cesena and plays for A . S . D . Licata 1931 and is the manager of A . C . Cesena .
Massimo Drago is the manager of A . C . Cesena and plays for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 and is the manager of A . C . Cesena .
Massimo Drago is the manager of A . C . Cesena and plays for S . S . Chieti Calcio and is the manager of A . C . Cesena .
The Federal Assembly legislates in the country .
The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Christian Panucci plays for Atalanta B . C . .
Christian Panucci plays for Vicenza Calcio .
AIRPORT is located in United States .
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , United States . It is categorised as a contributing property .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland .
Alan Shepard ( born in New Hampshire ) spent 13017 minutes in space .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is located in New Jersey , United States . The capital of New Jersey is Springfield .
Cleveland is part of New Netherland .
The Spanish language is spoken in Michigan .
Guadalajara is located in United States .
Portland , Oregon is the largest city in Ireland .
Cleveland is part of California .
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan .
The nationality of ASTRONAUT is United States .
Massimo Drago plays for 1 . FC Köln .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Peter Stöger who plays for FK Austria Wien and is the manager of 1 . FC Köln and plays for FK Austria Wien .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , where Philippine Spanish is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the Zamboangans and Zamboangans .
Batchoy comes from the Philippines , where the language is Spanish and the Igorot people are an ethnic group .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , where Arabic is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the Igorot and the Igorot people .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , where Philippine Spanish is spoken and the Chinese Filipino are an ethnic group and the language spoken is Philippine Spanish .
Binignit is a dessert found in Philippines where the Philippine English is spoken .
Binignit is a dessert found in Philippines where the Philippine English is spoken .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids .
The ADMINISTRATIVEARRONDISSEMENT is the administrative arrondissement of Antwerp .
Christian Panucci plays for F . C . Bari 1908 .
The capital of Romania is Bucharest .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s leader is the Deșteaptă - te , române ! and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române ! .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania , where the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the leader is Klaus Iohannis and one of the ethnic groups are the ETHNICGROUP .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania . The country ' s leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia in the city of Alba Iulia , Romania . The country ' s leader is Klaus Iohannis and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . The capital of Romania is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis .
The Administrative Science Quarterly has the ISSN number 0001 - 8392 and is published by SAGE Publications .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain , where the leader party is LEADERNAME .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and NUMBEROFSTUDENTS students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students and 737 academic staff .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus which is affiliated with the European University Association which is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and its leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it is affiliated with the European University Association . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University ' s dean is Thomas Pallesen .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students .
Graeme Garden was born in Northbrook , Illinois .
AIRPORT is in China .
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which is a variation of Batagor .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore where the English language is spoken and the leader is Tony Tan .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of FOOD .
Guadalajara is located in United States .
White South African are an ethnic group in Sumatra .
The Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain where the Spanish language is spoken and the leader is Susana Díaz .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where the people are called Spaniards and the leader is Susana Díaz .
Jong Ajax is a tenant of the BUILDING .
Guadalajara is located in United States .
Malays ( ethnic group ) is an ethnic group in Sumatra .
The largest city in Texas is LARGESTArlington , Texas and the Spanish language is spoken .
The largest city in Ireland is Fort Worth , Texas .
Arlington , Texas is located in Texas , United States . The capital of Texas is Springfield .
Arlington , Texas is located in Texas , United States where the largest city is LARGESTArlington , Texas and the largest city is LARGESTArlington , Texas .
The largest city in Denmark is LARGESTArlington , Texas and the English language is spoken .
Houston is the largest city in Texas .
Faber and Faber is the publisher of WRITTENWORK .
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which is a member of the Solanaceae family and are an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is located in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is located in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is located in Turkey , where the largest city is Istanbul and the largest city is Istanbul and the largest city is Istanbul and the largest city is Istanbul .
The Atatürk Monument , designed by Pietro Canonica , is located in Turkey , where the leader is known as the President of Turkey .
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Izmir , Turkey , where the capital is Ankara and the leader is known as the President of Turkey and the capital city is Ankara .
The Atatürk Monument is located in Turkey , where the largest city is Istanbul . The capital city is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul and the largest city is Istanbul .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the largest city is Istanbul and the largest city is Istanbul . The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
David Cameron is the leader of Andalusia .
Elizabeth II is the leader of Andalusia .
The USAF was involved in the Korean war .
The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force .
The BUILDING is located in United States Capitol .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and ETHNICGROUP are one of the ethnic groups .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the African Americans are an ethnic group . The country is the location of the UNIVERSITY which is part of Benton County , Oregon .
Albany , Oregon is part of United States .
Amarillo , Texas is in the United States where the capital is Washington , D . C . .
Attica , Indiana is part of Fountain County , Indiana , the capital of the country is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
The UNIVERSITY is located in New Jersey , United States . The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
The UNIVERSITY is located in New Jersey , United States . The capital of the country is Washington , D . C . and the White Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the United States , where the language is Spanish and the leader is LEADERNAME .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the leader is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Linn County , Oregon , Linn County , Oregon , United States . The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the people are known as Americans .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Oregon , Oregon , United States . The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the people are known as Americans .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English and is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
In the United States , where the people are known as Americans . The country is the location of the UNIVERSITY which is part of Steuben County , Indiana . The language of the country is English language .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the United States , where the leader is known as the President . The country ' s leader is LEADERNAME and the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Sumatra .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Akron , Ohio is part of Summit County , Ohio , where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Albany , Oregon is part of Benton County , Oregon , where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is led by the New Mexico Senate and the leader is John Sánchez .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group . The country is the location of the UNIVERSITY which is part of Benton County , Oregon .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups are the Asian Americans .
Albany , Georgia is part of United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the United States , where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the state of Lee County , Alabama , United States , where the capital is Washington D . C . and ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Alabama and is the location of the BUILDING which is located in Alabama .
The AIRPORT is located in New Jersey , United States . The capital of the country is Springfield and the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group in United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the United States , where the leader is known as the Mayor of Albuquerque and the leader is the Mayor of Albuquerque .
The English language is spoken in Michigan .
Akron , Ohio is located in the United States where the English language is spoken .
The UNIVERSITY is in the United States , where the language is English and the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group in United States where the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the BUILDING in the country of United States where the English language is spoken .
The UNIVERSITY is located in United States . The country ' s leader is Barack Obama and the language spoken is the English language .
The UNIVERSITY is in the United States , where the language is English and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
In the United States , where the people are known as Americans . The country is the location of the UNIVERSITY which is part of Steuben County , Indiana . The language of the country is English language .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the leader is known as the President of the United States and the leader is Joe Biden .
Barack Obama is the leader of Mexico .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Summit County , Ohio , Summit County , Ohio , United States . The capital of the country is Washington , D . C . and the capital city is Washington , D . C . .
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . The book is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . The book is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader . The book is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is African American and the leader is Barack Obama .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the leader is Barack Obama .
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where the capital city is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and the capital city is Washington D . C . and ETHNICGROUP are one of the ethnic groups .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the language is English and the leader is Barack Obama and one of the ethnic groups is African American .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is LEADERNAME .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where the leader is LEADERNAME and one of the ethnic groups is African American .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is located in the country of Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States , where the leader is known as the President and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is LEADERNAME .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of United States , where the people are called Americans and the leader is LEADERNAME .
A Glastonbury Romance was preceded by PRECEDEDBY .
William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong , was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1st , 1969 . He retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . in 1962 and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on March 15th , 1932 . He retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1st , 1969 . He retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1st , 1969 . It was a crew member of the Apollo 8 crew .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 . He was a crew member on Apollo 8 and spent 100305 minutes in space . He was a crew member on Apollo 8 .
William Anders , who was born in BIRTHPLACE , was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
William Anders graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 .
William Anders was a crew member of the Apollo 8 crew . He was a crew member of the Apollo 8 crew .
