The manager of 1 . FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for SV Germania Schöneiche and is attached to the club SV Germania Schöneiche .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for FSV Zwickau and is attached to the club FSV Zwickau .
1 . FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 – 15 Regionalliga season .
The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Uab .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the state of Alba .
103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , has 23 floors and was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham .
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the capital is Cape Town and one of the ethnic groups are the Coloured and the Coloured are an ethnic group .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Seminary Ridge , United States . It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument in Pennsylvania , United States was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , which is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes .
Eric Flint , born in Burbank , California , is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , which was preceded by DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , was preceded by The Grantville Gazette and was preceded by The Grantville Gazette .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , is available in hardcover and has 448 pages .
The ISBN number of 1634 : The Ram Rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and is available in hardcover .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . and is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is available in hardcover .
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in United States .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Ohio , United States and was completed in 1985 .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States . The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , where Frank G . Jackson is a leader .
The architecture style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern architecture .
The 250 Delaware Avenue has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and is located in Buffalo , New York . It has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 ( square metres ) .
250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo , New York has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and cost 110 million dollars .
250 Delaware Avenue in United States has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago .
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States , where the capital is Springfield , Illinois .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
300 North LaSalle , which has 60 floors , is located in Illinois and was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors .
The architect of 320 South Boston Building was George Winkler .
George Winkler is the architect of 320 South Boston Building , in United States .
George Winkler is the architect of 320 South Boston Building , which has 22 floors .
The construction of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910 .
The architect of 3Arena , Dublin is Populous ( company ) .
The architect of 3Arena , East Link Bridge is HOK SVE .
3Arena , designed by HOK SVE , is located at North Wall Quay and was completed in December 2008 .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Leinster , and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
The manager of A . C . Cesena is Massimo Drago who plays for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 and is attached to the club A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
A . C . Chievo Verona has 39371 members and their ground is in Verona , Italy .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran .
Rolando Maran , who was born in Italy , is the manager of A . C . Chievo Verona and plays for Carrarese Calcio .
Rolando Maran was born in Italy .
The full name of A . C . Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA and they have 4150 members .
The ground of A . C . Lumezzane is located in Italy , where Pietro Grasso is the leader and he plays for Vicenza Calcio .
Michele Marcolini , who was born in Italy , is the manager of A . C . Lumezzane and plays for A . C . Chievo Verona .
A . D . Isidro Metapán play in the Salvadoran Primera División .
The manager of A . D . Isidro Metapán is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez who plays for El Salvador national football team and is attached to the club El Salvador national football team .
The manager of A . D . Isidro Metapán is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez who plays for FC Dallas .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its chairman is Antonis Milionis .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis ' s ground is in Efxeinoupoli and they have 1500 members and their ground is in Efxeinoupoli .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 – 15 A EPSTH , Greece season .
The full name of A . F . C . Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool .
A . F . C . Blackpool ' s ground is in Blackpool .
The full name of A . F . C . Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool and they have 1500 members .
A . F . C . Blackpool ' s ground is in The Mechanics , .
The ground of A . F . C . Blackpool is located in Blackpool , where Conservative Party ( UK ) is the leader and he plays for Stockport County F . C . .
The ground of A . F . C . Blackpool is located in Blackpool , where Gordon Marsden is the leader and he plays for Stockport County F . C . .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Blackburn Rovers F . C . .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Runcorn F . C . Halton and is attached to the club Runcorn F . C . Halton .
The ground of A . F . C . Blackpool is located in Blackpool , where Labour Party ( UK ) is the leader and he plays for Stockport County F . C . .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Irlam Town F . C . .
The full name of A . F . C . Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde , they played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members .
The manager of A . F . C . Fylde is Dave Challinor who plays for Colwyn Bay F . C . and is attached to the club Colwyn Bay F . C . .
A . F . C . Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in Lancashire .
The full name of A . F . C . Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde , they played in the 2014 season and has 3180 members .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in Gubbio .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the language is Italian and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in Gubbio .
The full name of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S . p . A . and they have 19238 members .
A . S . Livorno Calcio is in the Serie B league and play in the Serie B .
AEK Athens FC compete in the Serie B league in which Juventus FC have been champions .
The manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for A . S . Roma .
The manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for Real Madrid C . F . and is attached to the club Real Madrid C . F . .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , written by J . V . Jones , has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones and is available in hardcover .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , written by J . V . Jones , is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317 .
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys and was followed by Weymouth Sands .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover .
A Long Long Way is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 57392246 .
A Long Long Way is written in English .
A Long Long Way has 292 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press which publishes A Long Long Way .
A Loyal Character Dancer , written by Qiu Xiaolong , has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
A Loyal Character Dancer , written by Qiu Xiaolong , is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in hardcover .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press in the United States .
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and the language is English .
A Severed Wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735 .
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages and the OCLC number 8805735 .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
Marriott International , which has 23 floors , is located in Denmark and has 23 floors .
Marriott International , founded in Washington DC , is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is located in Denmark where the leader is Margrethe II of Denmark .
Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
Marriott International , founded in Washington DC , is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is located in Denmark where the leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms .
3XN is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen is Marriott International .
The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen has 23 floors and the tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen .
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa who plays for Juventus F . C . .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Paulo Sousa who plays for Inter Milan and is attached to the club Inter Milan .
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery which is located in New York City . The leader of the country is Alexander L . Wolf .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Athens .
AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members and their ground is in Greece .
AEK Athens F . C . is in the Superleague Greece league and play in the Superleague Greece .
A . C . Cesana ' s ground is in Greece and they have NUMBEROFMEMBERS members .
The manager of AEK Athens F . C . is Gus Poyet who plays for Chelsea F . C . and is attached to the club Chelsea F . C . .
The Olympic Stadium , located in Marousi , is the home ground of AEK Athens FC and their ground is located in Marousi .
AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members and played in the 2014 season and has 69618 members .
AEK Athens F . C . played in the 2014 – 15 Football League ( Greece ) season .
The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located in Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader and the leader is Eberhard van der Laan .
The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located in Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader and the leader is Eberhard van der Laan .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , which is owned by AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) . It is operated by AFC Ajax NV .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst , where Jong Ajax is a tenant .
The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs and they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
The AIDS journal comes under the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS and has the ISSN number 0269 - 9370 .
The AIDS journal comes under the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS and has the ISSN number 1473 - 5571 .
AIDS ( journal ) is from the United Kingdom .
AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where the leader is Elizabeth II .
AIP Advances has the EISSN number 2158 .
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the U . S . A . A . A . Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and his alma mater is Stanford University .
AWH Engineering College in Kerala , India has 250 academic staff .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 2001 . The Ganges is a river in India .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala was established in 2001 . It has 250 academic staff and 250 academic staff .
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom who plays for İstanbulspor A . Ş . and is attached to the club İstanbulspor A . Ş . .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is John van den Brom who plays for Netherlands national football team and is attached to the club Netherlands national football team .
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014 – 15 Eredivisie season .
The MONUMENT is located in Baku .
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan .
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark , where the Faroese language is spoken and the leader is LEADERNAME .
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aarhus Lufthavn A / S . The runway name is 10R / 28L and it has a length of 2776 . 0 .
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( abbreviated to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . ) has the LCCN number 32024459 and the LCCN number 32024459 .
Springer Science + Business Media is the publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas and is 546 metres above sea level . The runway name is 17L / 35R and it has a length of 2194 . 0 .
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix .
Aenir is written in English and was followed by Above the Veil .
Aenir was written in English and was followed by Above the Veil .
Above the Veil is available in hardcover .
Above the Veil , written by Garth Nix , is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 . It has 100 academic staff and 100 academic staff .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Belgaum – 560090 , India . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The president of the Acharya Institute of Technology is B . M . Reddy .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore . Its president is B . M . Reddy .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students . It has 700 postgraduate students .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka , India . It was established in 2000 and has the motto " Nurturing Excellence " . It is affiliated with the AFFILIATION . The institute ' s president is B . M . Reddy .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . Its president is B . M . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Mumbai .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Mumbai and is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Mumbai , which is governed by the International Tennis Federation . It is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . ) has an ISSN number of 0236 - 5294 and the LCCN number 83646315 .
The ISSN number of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) has the LCCN number 60040714 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) has an ISSN number of 0567 - 7920 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and has the ISSN number 1732 - 2421 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
The administrative ADMINISTRATIVEARRONDISSEMENT is the location of the UNIVERSITY .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . It is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and has a TO ITS SOUTHEAST .
Augustus Pugin , born in Bloomsbury , was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the SIGNIFICANTAdare Manor .
George Richard Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 .
The architect of Adare Manor was James Pain and George Richard Pain , .
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by J . P . McManus .
Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the grounds of Adare Manor .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick , which is part of Munster .
The LCCN number of Addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is Addiction .
The Addiction ( journal ) is abbreviated to Addiction and has the ISSN number 1360 - 0443 .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell which has the ISSN number 0965 - 2140 .
Addis Ababa City Hall was built in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and the current tenants are the Government of Addis Ababa .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 and a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
Adirondack Regional Airport , which serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York , is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale and was completed in 1931 .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and was completed in 1931 .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and Cornell University .
Cornell University in Ithaca , New York , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is affiliated with the Association of American Universities .
Cornell University in the state of New York , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
Cornell University in the state of New York , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land - grant Universities .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is 610 . 0 metres above sea level .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama , Community of Madrid , Spain .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE . The runway name is 14L / 32R and it has a length of 4100 . 0 .
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 18L / 36R .
The ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas . The runway name is 18L / 36R and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
The book Aenir was written by Garth Nix and was followed by Above the Veil .
Aenir is written in English .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba .
AGR is the ATA Location Identifier for Agra Airport which is located in India . The IATA Location Identifier of the airport is VIAG and the ICAO Location Identifier is VIAG .
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force . The airport has a runway length of 1818 . 0 and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and operated by the Indian Air Force . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh .
The ground of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is located in Alagoas , which is located in Alagoas . They have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , Akita Prefecture , Japan and has 3 floors and is located in Akita Prefecture .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , which is part of Akita Prefecture , Japan .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō and one of the ethnic groups are the ETHNICGROUP .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Japan , which is lead by ETHNICGROUP .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan , where the ethnic group is ETHNICGROUP .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Japan , which is lead by ETHNICGROUP .
Akita Museum of Art has a floor count of 3 .
Luanda is located in United States .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The MONUMENT is located in Summit County , Ohio .
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , Summit County , Ohio .
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season season .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah .
The runway length of Al - Taqaddum Air Base is 3684 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where the Arabic is spoken .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq . The runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 and is named 08 / 26 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq . The runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq has a runway length of 3992 . 88 and is operated by United States Air Force .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The runway name is 09R / 27L and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 and is named 08 / 26 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , which was involved in the invasion of Panama and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle aircraft aircraft .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , which is operated by the United States Air Force . The USAF fought in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and the Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III transport aircraft .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , which was involved in the invasion of Panama and deploy the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle aircraft aircraft .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , which was involved in the Invasion of Panama . The USAF fought in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase , which is operated by the United States Air Force . The USAF fought in the Invasion of Panama and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and the Lockheed C - 130 Hercules transport aircraft .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in 30 March 2007 .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia , which is owned by the College of William and Mary . The current tenants are the Mason School of Business and the current tenants are the Mason School of Business .
Alan B . Miller Hall is owned by College of William & Mary .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B . Miller Hall which is located in Williamsburg , Virginia and was completed on 1 June 2009 .
Alan Bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 .
The nationality of Alan Bean is United States .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and is now retired .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and spent 100305 minutes in space . He spent 100305 minutes in space .
Alan Bean was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Sc . D . in 1963 . He was a crew member of Apollo 12 . He was a crew member of Apollo 12 .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15 , 1932 . He was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space . He was a test pilot .
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and served as a test pilot . He was a test pilot and is now retired .
Alan Shepard was born on July 23 , 1927 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He was a test pilot and died in California . He died in California .
Alan Shepard was a test pilot .
Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
Alan Shepard , who was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romania . The capital of the country is Bucharest .
The area code of Albany , Georgia is 229 .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of Dougherty County , Georgia , United States . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
The English language is spoken in United States where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group . The country is the location of the UNIVERSITY in the United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of Georgia ( U . S . state ) , United States . The leader of the country is known as the President and one of the ethnic groups are the ETHNICGROUP .
Austin is part of Oregon .
Albany , Oregon is part of United States .
Albuquerque , New Mexico has a population density of 1421 . 2 square kilometres of Albuquerque , New Mexico .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the Mayor .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the New Mexico House of Representatives .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the New Mexico Senate .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is located in the United States . The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the LEADERTITLE .
Albuquerque , New Mexico has a population density of 1421 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometres .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100 and the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson and was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans . The book is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages and the OCLC number 78771100 .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 . 0 metres above sea level . The 1st runway is made from Poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 and is named 08 / 26 .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 and a runway length of 877 . 0 .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class Monocotyledon .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14 / 32 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and has its headquarters in Jinnah International Airport .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . The runway name is 18L / 36R and it has a length of 3310 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . The runway name is 18R / 36L and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . The runway name is 18L / 36R .
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360 . 12 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and is 210 metres above sea level .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan . The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan . The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpharetta , Georgia is part of Fulton County , Georgia in the United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of Fulton County , Georgia , United States . The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of Georgia ( U . S . state ) , United States . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D . C .
The ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group in United States where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group . The country ' s largest city is LARGESTAlpharetta , Georgia .
The total area of Amarillo , Texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital city is Washington D . C . and African Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the state of Texas , Potter County , Texas , United States .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the BUILDING in the state of Texas .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the state of Texas , United States . The capital of the country is CAPITAL .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the state of Texas , United States . The capital of United States is CAPITAL and the English language is spoken .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Randall County , Texas .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Texas .
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Italy .
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce .
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy .
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region of Italy . The main ingredients are Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India . The leader of Gujarat is Sumitra Mahajan .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Gujarat .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader and Sumitra Mahajan is the leader .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is Mathematics .
American Journal of Mathematics ( abbreviated to Am . J . Math . ) is academically focused on Mathematics .
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by the PUBLISHER .
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of PUBLISHER .
The leader of Sri Lanka is Austin Fernando and the leader of the country is Austin Fernando .
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka where Ampara Hospital is located . The governing body of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
Austin Fernando is the leader of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where Ampara Hospital is located .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is 3800 metres .
18 is the number of the first runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
The fourth runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . The runway name is 09 / 27 ' Buitenveldertbaan ' and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . The runway name is 18L / 36R ' Aalsmeerbaan ' and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06 / 24 ' Kaagbaan ' .
The leader of Amsterdam is LEADERNAME .
The area code of Anaheim , California is 657 , 714 .
The UNIVERSITY is located in LOCATION , California .
Anaheim , California is part of California .
Anaheim , California is part of Orange County , California , United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in LOCATION where the language is English .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Anderson , Indiana is part of the state of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana . The area of Anderson , Indiana is 107 . 43 ( square kilometres ) .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Indiana .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Richland Township , Madison County , Indiana .
Anderson , Indiana has a population density of 268 . 0 . 9 inhabitants per square level in the U . S . 54 square kilometres .
Andrews County Airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews , Texas . It is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the inhabitants are known as Texans and the capital is Austin .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the English language is spoken .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States . The capital of Texas is Austin and the English language is spoken .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the inhabitants are called Texans .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the largest city is Houston .
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County , Texas .
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896 . 0 .
Angola , Indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
Angola , Indiana is part of the state of Indiana , in the United States . The area of Angola , Indiana is 16 . 55 ( square kilometres ) .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana , United States . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made from Asphalt .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda . The airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Angola International Airport is located in Greenville , ISPARTOF , Angola . The airport serves the city of Luanda .
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
The total area of Antioch , California is 925 . It has a total area of - 7 .
The area code of Antioch , California is 925 .
Antioch , California has an elevation of 13 . 0 above sea level .
Antioch , California is part of Contra Costa County , California .
The leader of Antioch , California is the California ' s 11th State Assembly district .
Antioch , California is part of the San Francisco Bay Area .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken .
Antwerp International Airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government .
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and has a runway length of 600 . 0 and is 12 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and served as a test pilot and was a member of the NASA of Apollo 12 .
Alan Bean ' s birth name was Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . He retired on September 1st , 1969 .
Buzz Aldrin ' s birth name is Buzz Aldrin .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a member of the NASA of Apollo 8 .
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439 . 0 .
April O ' Neil was created by Kevin Eastman .
Peter Laird is an American who created the comic character Balder .
The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia where the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah .
Arem - arem comes from the Javanese cuisine region of the Javanese cuisine . The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Arlington , Texas has an elevation of 184 . 0 above sea level .
United States is part of the state of Tarrant County , Texas , United States .
Arlington , Texas is part of Texas , United States .
The population density of Arlington , Texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and Sergio Mattarella is the leader and Sergio Mattarella is the leader .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy where the Italian language is spoken .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Chili pepper is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce .
Chili pepper is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the Italy .
Tomato is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce which is part of the Solanaceae family .
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the Rome region of Italy .
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the Rome region of Italy .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain . The main ingredients are White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain . The main ingredients are MAININGREDIENTS .
Arròs negre is a food found in Spain where the Spaniards are an ethnic group . The country ' s leader is Parliament of Catalonia .
White rice is an ingredient of Arròs negre .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region .
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community region .
Arròs negre is a dish from Valencian Community , Spain .
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Asam pedas is a dish from Malay Peninsula , Malaysia . The main ingredients are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria .
Asam pedas is a dish from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Malay are one of the ethnic groups .
Asam pedas is a dish from the Sumatra region of Malaysia . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Indian are one of the ethnic groups .
Asam pedas is a dish from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia . The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur and Malaysian Indian are one of the ethnic groups .
Asam pedas is from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia , where Abu Zahar Ujang is a leader and Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group . The country ' s leader is Abu Zahar Ujang .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Malaysia . The Batak are an ethnic group from Malaysia .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where Malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group and the Malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group .
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located in the country .
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet long .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA .
The OPERATINGORGANISATION is the operating organisation of Ashgabat International Airport .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines whose headquarters are in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . The airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines , Turkmenistan .
The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 11 / 29 .
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan .
Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan , born in California , was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
The architecture style of Asilomar Conference Grounds is ARCHITECTURALSTYLE .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California and has a website .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in Pacific Grove , California and has the reference number of Historic Places .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913 .
Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) and has the reference number of Historic Places .
Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 , is located at Avenue A ( Manhattan ) . It was constructed in 1904 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City .
Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 , is located at New York City . It was constructed in 1904 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Manhattan , which is lead by Cyrus Vance , Jr . .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , United States .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , New Netherland , United States . The leader of New York City is Cyrus Vance , Jr . .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Manhattan , United States . The leader of New York City is Gale Brewer .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Brooklyn .
The comic book character Bolt was created by Albert Uderzo and American .
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens . It is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . The country ' s leader is Nikos Voutsis and the Greek language is spoken and the leader is Nikos Voutsis .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . The country ' s leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos and the Greek language is spoken and the leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos .
The area of Atlanta is located in Atlanta . It has a population density of 1421 . 2 square kilometres of Atlanta .
Atlanta is part of Georgia .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D . C .
The leader of Atlanta is Kasim Reed .
Atlanta has a population density of 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
The total area of Atlantic City , New Jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey is the largest city in New Jersey .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
The largest city in United States is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey and the largest city is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of New Jersey .
The leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey is the LEADERTITLE . The leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey is the LEADERTITLE . The leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey is the LEADERTITLE .
The total area of Atlantic City , New Jersey is 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and serves the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Greenville , New Jersey , United States . The airport serves the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has the runway name 4 / 22 .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which is located in Four World Trade Center and New Jersey .
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
The runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is 13 / 31 .
Attica , Indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
Attica , Indiana is part of the state of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana . It has a total area of 166 . 0 . 0 square kilometres of Attica , Indiana .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County , Alabama .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Alabama , United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the state of Alabama , United States . The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is in the state of Alabama , United States . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
The BUILDING is located in the state of Alabama , United States . The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
The total area of Auburn , Washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
The total area of Auburn , Washington is Auburn , Washington , King County , Washington , United States . It has a total area of 74 . 33 square kilometres .
Auburn , Washington is part of Pierce County , Washington , United States .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
Auburn , Washington is part of the state of King County , Washington . United States ' s capital is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of LOCATION is Springfield and the capital is Springfield .
Austin , Texas is part of Texas .
The largest city in LOCATION is LARGESTAustin , Texas and the largest city is LARGESTAustin , Texas .
Austin , Texas is part of Hays County , Texas .
Austin is the largest city in Austin , Texas , which is part of Hays County , Texas .
Austin is the largest city in Austin , Texas , which is part of Hays County , Texas .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia , Indonesia .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia , Indonesia . The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia .
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku , the leader is Prime Minister of Azerbaijan and the leader is Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku and the leader is Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan which is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial which is dedicated to DEDICATEDTO . The memorial is dedicated to DEDICATEDTO .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku and is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital city is Baku .
The leader of Greece is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku and the leader is Artur Rasizade and the capital is Baku .
The National Assembly dictates the legislature of Azerbaijan , where the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located .
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the title of the title of the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC which is located in Broadcasting House . The BBC was broadcast by the BBC .
BLT is a variation of Bacon sandwich .
BLT is a variation of BLT which is a variation of BLT which is a variation of BLT .
Tomato is an ingredient of FOOD .
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area region of the United States . The main ingredients are Sausage .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States , where Paul Ryan is a leader and the capital city is Washington D . C . and White Americans are an ethnic group .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is a leader and the capital is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the leader is John Roberts .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and the capital is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are Bacon .
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bacon sandwich .
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of BLT .
Bacon sandwich , also known as Bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the country of United Kingdom and includes the ingredients bacon and sausage .
Ketchup is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which comes from the United Kingdom . It is a variation of the club sandwich .
Bacon sandwich , also known as Bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the United Kingdom and includes the ingredients sweet potato .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the France .
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of France .
Baked Alaska is a food found in France where the leader is Manuel Valls .
Baked Alaska is a food found in France where the currency is the Euro and the leader is Manuel Valls .
Baked Alaska is a food found in Hong Kong and France . The leader of France is Gérard Larcher and the French language is spoken .
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the United States .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of United States .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dessert .
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Baked Alaska is from the Paris , New York or Hong Kong region of United States . The main ingredients are Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region .
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region of France , United States or China . The main ingredients are MAININGREDIENTS .
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region of United States . The main ingredients are Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and is a variation of Bakewell tart .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region of the Derbyshire Dales .
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
Fruit preserves is an ingredient of Bakewell pudding , a dish from the Derbyshire .
Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from the Indonesia .
Celery is an ingredient of Bakso which is part of the Apiaceae family .
Bakso is a dish from the REGION region of Indonesia . The main ingredients are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
Beef is an ingredient in Bakso which is from Indonesia .
Bakso is a dish from the REGION region of Indonesia . The main ingredients are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial in red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı .
Bananaman is broadcast by the BBC .
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by BBC .
Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by STV .
Bananaman was first broadcast by the STV on 3 October 1983 and starred Jill Shilling .
Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC and starred Tim Brooke - Taylor .
Tim Brooke - Taylor , born in Derbyshire , starred in Bananaman .
Bandeja paisa is a food found in Colombian cuisine .
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which comes from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine .
Chicharrón is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa .
Chicharrón is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which comes from the Colombian cuisine .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia . It is a member of the Rutaceae family and the order Rosids .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region .
Hogao is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which comes from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the French language is spoken and François Hollande is the leader and the French language is spoken .
Barny Cakes is a food found in France where the leader is Claude Bartolone .
Barny cakes can be found in France where Manuel Valls is the leader and Manuel Valls is the leader .
Barny cakes can be found in France , where French language is spoken and François Hollande is the leader and the French language is spoken .
Barny Cakes can be served as a dessert .
Batagor is a variation of Siomay and Siomay . It is a variation of the Siomay dish .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which comes from the Indonesia .
Batagor is a dish found in Indonesia where the leader is Joko Widodo . Shumai is a variation of the Siomay dish .
Batagor is a dish found in Indonesia , where Joko Widodo is a leader and it ' s leader is Joko Widodo .
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish which contains peanut sauce . It is a variation of the Siomay dish which contains peanut sauce .
Shumai is a variation of Batagor .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of Siomay .
fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce are the main ingredients of Batagor .
noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef are the main ingredients of Batchoy which comes from the Philippines .
Batchoy is from the La Paz , Iloilo City region of Philippines . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef are the main ingredients of Batchoy which comes from the Philippines .
Batchoy is a dessert that contains sweet potato and coconut milk .
Shrimp is an ingredient of Batchoy .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 , starring Scott Adsit .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 , starring Alan Tudyk .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 , starring Scott Adsit .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 .
Palm sugar is an ingredient of Beef kway teow which comes from the Singapore .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the REGION region of Singapore . The main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore , where Tony Tan is a leader .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob .
The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow is from the Indonesia region .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in Beef kway teow which comes from the Singapore region of Indonesia .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia , where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the leader is Halimah Yacob .
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in Beef kway teow which comes from the Singapore region of Singapore and Indonesia .
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region of Indonesia . The main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
French is the language spoken in Belgium .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken and the leader is Charles Michel .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the French language is spoken .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , Belgium . The capital of the country is City of Brussels and the leaders are Charles Michel and Charles Michel .
The comic character Auron was created by Roger McKenzie ( comic book writer ) and Roger McKenzie ( comic book writer ) .
The comic character Auron ' s full name is Benjamin Urich .
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji , bajji .
Bhajji ( or Bhaji , bajji ) is from the Karnataka region of India . It is also known as Bhaji and bajji .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the Karnataka region of India . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Bhajji is a food found in India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan .
Bhajji is from India where the people are called Indian people .
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India where Vajubhai Vala is a leader . The leader of Karnataka is Vajubhai Vala .
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India , where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader and Indian people are leaders .
Bhajji is a food found in India where the leader is T . S . Thakur .
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of the Karnataka . The main ingredients are Gram flour , vegetables .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Marv Wolfman and Marv Wolfman .
The comic character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman and Marv Wolfman .
The comic character Auron ' s full name is Bo Bibbowski .
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit .
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter .
The birth place of Graeme Garden is Lancashire .
Binignit is a food found in Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group .
Banana is an ingredient of Binignit which is a dessert .
Sago is an ingredient of Binignit which is a dessert .
Sweet potato belongs to the order of flowering plants and is part of the order of Solanales and is a flowering plant .
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit .
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit which is a dessert .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Banana .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato .
Sweet potatoes are in the order of Solanales and are the main ingredient of Binignit .
Binignit is from the Visayas region of Philippines . The main ingredients are Coconut milk .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is from Mexico .
Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of the Mexico . The main ingredients are Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
Bionico is a dessert from the Jalisco region of Mexico . It is a dessert that contains raisins .
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region of Mexico . The main ingredients are Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
Raisin is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto and the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto .
Bionico is a dessert that comes from Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader .
Bionico is a dessert from the Jalisco region of Mexico . Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the currency is the Mexican peso and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Cottage cheese is a variation of Bionico .
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region .
Bionico is from the Jalisco region .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who designed 103 Colmore Row .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham . The leader of Birmingham is Liberal Democrats .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . The leader of the UK is the Labour Party and the postcode code is Andrew Mitchell .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham , which has the B postcode and is lead by John Clancy ( Labour politician ) .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham . The leader of the UK is the Labour Party and the postcode code is Labour Party ( UK ) .
The comic character Asterix is also known as Jon Valor .
The comic character Blockbuster , also known as Mark Desmond , was created by Carmine Infantino and Carmine Infantino .
The comic character Blockbuster , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Gary Cohn ( comics ) and Gary Cohn ( comics ) .
The comic character Blockbuster , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Gary Cohn ( comics ) and Gary Cohn ( comics ) .
The comic character Blockbuster , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Ernie Colón and Ernie Colón .
William Anders was a member of the Apollo 8 crew .
Tirstrup is part of Erie County , New York .
Byron Brown is the leader of Kerala .
Buzz Aldrin graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . 1963 .
Buzz Aldrin was born on March 15 , 1932 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D . in 1963 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 . He was born on March 15 , 1932 . He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew . He was born on March 15 , 1932 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
Buzz Aldrin was born on March 15 , 1932 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Sc . D . in space . He spent 100305 minutes in space . He spent 100305 minutes in space .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc . D . in 1963 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . He is now retired . He is now retired .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15th , 1932 . He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Sc . D . in 1963 . He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , where Joe Biden is a leader .
Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
William Anders was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc . D . in 1963 .
William Anders , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , is operated by NASA . It is part of the U . S . It is operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin , a US national , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and served as a test pilot . He was a fighter pilot .
Buzz Aldrin , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Sc . D . in 1963 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 . He is now retired .
William Anders , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , is operated by NASA . It is part of the U . S .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15 , 1932 . He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew . He was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15 , 1932 .
William Anders , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , graduated from MIT with a Sc . D . in 1963 . It is part of the University of Science degree .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born on March 15 , 1932 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from MIT with a Sc . D . in 1963 . He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew . He was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15 , 1932 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , Essex County , New Jersey .
Buzz Aldrin , who was born in BIRTHPLACE , graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . in 1955 .
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin ' s real name was Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
The MONUMENT , who was born in New Jersey , 1923 , is operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963 .
One of the senators of California is SENATORS .
Alan Shepard was a member of the NASA of Apollo 14 and died in California .
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . Alan Shepard died in California .
The UNIVERSITY is located in LOCATION where the language is English .
The Spanish language is spoken in California .
English is the language of the English language .
Arròs negre is a dish from Catalonia , Spain . The leader of the country is LEADERNAME and the Spaniards are an ethnic group .
Poaceae is in the class Bird .
Paulo Sousa plays for Chelsea F . C . .
Paulo Sousa plays for Inter Milan .
Tirstrup is part of Munster .
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick , Munster .
Curitiba is part of Parana state .
Dunwoody , Georgia is the largest city in Ireland .
The demonym of Ireland is Danes .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and its leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and its leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Bionico and cookies are both desserts .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California .
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . He died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland .
The leader of Dublin is Críona Ní Dhálaigh .
The character Baymax , created by Steven T . Seagle , was created by Steven T . Seagle and Steven T . Seagle .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . The ICAO Location Identifier of Atlantic City International Airport is KACY .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . in 1962 .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He died in St . Louis .
Elliot See , who graduated from the University of Texas at Austin , was selected by NASA in 1962 . He died in St . Louis .
Elliot See graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 and died in St . Louis .
Elliot See died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
Elliot See died in St . Louis .
Elliot See died in St . Louis on the Kingdom of France .
Elliot See is now retired .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , where African Americans are an ethnic group and the language is English .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and the language is English .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the language is English .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the language is English . English is spoken in Great Britain .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States , where English is spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where the capital is Washington D . C . and ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington DC .
The birth place of Graeme Garden is Burbank , California .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia . The leader of Ethiopia is Hailemariam Desalegn .
The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and its leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Luanda is located in Iraq .
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Tor Books .
Paulo Sousa plays for FC Barcelona .
Luanda is located in United States .
Albany , Georgia is part of Dougherty County , Georgia .
The city of Alpharetta , Georgia is part of Fulton County , Georgia .
Luanda is located in United States .
Tirstrup is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
FOOD is from the Umbria region .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 ' s ground is located in the region of Gubbio .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Gujarat . The leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York , United States .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is part of Essex County , New York , United States .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , Essex County , New York , United States .
The currency of India is the Indian rupee .
Indian people are from India .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff and 250 academic staff .
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in Kerala , India . The country ' s largest city is Mumbai and the largest city is Mumbai .
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala , India . The largest city in India is Mumbai and the leader is Kochi .
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , where Narendra Modi is the leader and Narendra Modi is the leader .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , which is part of Bundelkhand . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force who deploy the HAL Light Combat Helicopter .
WRITTENWORK is part of Madison County , Indiana in the United States . English is the language spoken in Madison County , Indiana . The language is in the United States .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Indiana , United States . The capital of the country is Indianapolis .
English is the language of Indonesia .
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where the leader is Joko Widodo .
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is a leader and the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasília .
Aenir was preceded by Castle ( novel ) and was preceded by Castle ( novel ) and followed by Into Battle ( novel ) .
The Arabic is spoken in Iraq .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the Kurdish languages is spoken and the leader is Fuad Masum .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the Kurdish languages is spoken and the leader is Haider al - Abadi .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . The country ' s leader is Fuad Masum and the Arabic is spoken and the leader is Fuad Masum .
Amatriciana sauce is a food found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Amatriciana sauce is a dish from Italy , where the capital is Rome and the capital is Rome and Laura Boldrini is the leader and the capital is Rome .
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish from Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini and the people are called Italians and Laura Boldrini .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the capital is Rome .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella .
Amatriciana sauce is a dish from Italy , where the capital is Rome and the capital is Rome and Matteo Renzi is the leader and the capital is Rome .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the official language is Italian and the official language is Italian . The capital city is Rome and the official language is Italian .
The leader of Jalisco is Aristóteles Sandoval .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Japan , where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group . The country ' s leader is Tony Tan .
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group of Java .
Ayam penyet is a dish from the Nationwide , also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore region of Java . The Javanese people are an ethnic group in the country and the Javanese people are an ethnic group .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java where the leader is Tony Tan and the Javanese people are an ethnic group .
Paulo Sousa plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig .
Doug Moench won the Eisner Award .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire and is the author of A Glastonbury Romance .
A Glastonbury Romance was written by AUTHOR .
Paulo Sousa plays for FC Dallas .
The Riverside Art Musuem is the Palace Of Westminster .
Gene Colan ' s nationality is American .
The leader of Switzerland is LEADERNAME .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the state of Kerala , where the leader is Kochi .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala , where the leader is Kochi .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala in the state of Kerala . The leader of Kerala is Kochi and the leader is Kochi .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan . The airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan .
The MONUMENT is located in Beverly Hills , California .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , where the capital is London and the leader is Elizabeth II .
The manager of A . S . Rom is Luciano Spalletti who plays for Empoli F . C . .
Paulo Sousa plays for Udinese Calcio .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Luciano Spalletti who plays for Empoli F . C . and is attached to the club Empoli F . C . .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Madison County , Indiana , United States . The city of Madison County , Indiana is part of the Madison County , Indiana .
Amarillo is the location of the UNIVERSITY .
Alcobendas is in the Spain .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid which is part of Community of Madrid . The leader party in Madrid is Ahora Madrid .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Spain . The leader party in Madrid is the Peoples Party ( Spain ) .
Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group from Malaysia .
Manhattan is part of New York .
Tirstrup is part of United States .
Marriott International is a key person at the Marriott International Hotel which is located in Bethesda , Maryland . The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International .
Doug Moench won the Kirby Award .
Paulo Sousa plays for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
The manager of A . C . Cesena is Massimo Drago who plays for A . S . D . Licata 1931 and is attached to the club A . S . D . Licata 1931 .
The manager of A . C . Cesena is Massimo Drago who plays for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 and is attached to the club A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
The manager of A . C . Cesena is Massimo Drago who plays for S . S . Chieti Calcio and is attached to the club S . S . Chieti Calcio .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the municipality of Meride .
The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Paulo Sousa plays for Atalanta B . C . .
Paulo Sousa plays for Vicenza Calcio .
Michigan is in the United States .
The largest city in Michigan is Detroit .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , established in 1907 - 07 - 11 , is located in the district of the Monocacy National Battlefield in the United States . The monument falls under the category of Historic districts in the United States .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on July 11th , 1907 and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield . The nearest city is Frederick , Maryland .
Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , is the birthplace of 100305 minutes in space .
The capital of LOCATION is Springfield and the capital is Springfield .
Tirstrup is part of New Netherland .
English is the language of the Spanish language .
Luanda is located in United States .
Portland , Oregon is the largest city in Ireland .
Tirstrup is part of California .
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan .
Gene Colan ' s nationality is American .
Rolando Maran is in the 1 . FC Köln club .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Peter Stöger who plays for FK Austria Wien and is attached to the club FK Austria Wien .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and Zamboangans are an ethnic group and the language spoken is Philippine Spanish .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Arabic is spoken and the Igorot people are an ethnic group .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group and the language spoken is Arabic .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and the ethnic groups are the Zamboangans and the Chinese Filipino .
Binignit is a dessert that comes from Philippines where the Philippine English is spoken .
Binignit is a dessert that comes from Philippines where the Philippine English is spoken .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
The ADMINISTRATIVEARRONDISSEMENT is the location of AIRPORT .
Paulo Sousa plays for F . C . Bari 1908 .
The capital of England is Bucharest .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s anthem is the Deșteaptă - te , române ! and the anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s leader is Klaus Iohannis and the leader is Klaus Iohannis .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române , Romania , and the capital city is Bucharest . Romania ' s capital is Bucharest .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia in the city of Alba Iulia , Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the capital is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis and the capital is Bucharest .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . The capital of the country is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis .
SAGE Publications is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly which is published by Sara Miller McCune .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain . The leader of San Sebastián de los Reyes is LEADERNAME .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students and 737 academic staff .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It is affiliated with the European University Association and has 737 academic staff and 737 academic staff . The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . The School is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and its leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and its leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 16000 students and its Latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 .
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students .
The birth place of Graeme Garden is Northbrook , Illinois .
Perth is located in China .
Shumai is a variation of Batagor and is a variation of Shumai .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore where the leader is Tony Tan and the English language is spoken .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of FOOD .
Luanda is located in United States .
White South African are an ethnic group in Sumatra .
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia , Spain where the Spanish language is spoken and Spaniards are an ethnic group .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where Susana Díaz is a leader . The leader of Andalusia is Susana Díaz .
The tenant of the BUILDING is Jong Ajax .
Luanda is located in United States .
Malays ( ethnic group ) is an ethnic group in Sumatra .
The largest city in LOCATION is LARGESTArlington , Texas and the Spanish language is spoken .
Fort Worth , Texas is the largest city in Ireland .
The largest city in LOCATION is Springfield and the largest city is LARGESTArlington , Texas .
The largest city in United States is LARGESTArlington , Texas , the English language is spoken . English is the language spoken in Texas .
The largest city in LOCATION is LARGESTArlington , Texas and the English language is spoken .
Houston is the largest city in Texas .
Faber and Faber is the publisher of WRITTENWORK .
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which is part of the Solanaceae family and is part of the order of Solanales .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is located in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
Ankara is the capital of Turkey , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu and the capital is Ankara .
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey , where the currency is the Turkish lira and the currency is the Turkish lira and the currency is the Turkish lira . Turkey ' s currency is the Turkish lira .
The Atatürk Monument in Turkey was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in Turkey .
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey , where the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu . The Ataturk Monument in Izmir was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) is located in Turkey , where the largest city is Istanbul and the largest city is Istanbul and the largest city is Istanbul .
Istanbul is the largest city in Turkey , where the currency is the Turkish lira and the capital city is Ankara . The Atatürk Monument in Izmir was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 .
David Cameron is the leader of Kerala .
Elizabeth II is the leader of Kerala .
The ATTACKAIRCRAFT was involved in the invasion of Panama .
The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the UK .
The MONUMENT is located in United States Capitol .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and the capital city is Washington D . C .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the African Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D . C .
Austin is part of United States .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . , the country ' s capital is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
The largest city in United States is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey and the largest city is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey and the largest city is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey .
The largest city in United States is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey and the ethnic group is the Germans of United States . The country is the location of the UNIVERSITY which is part of New Jersey . The country is home to the ethnic group of White Americans .
The capital of the United States is Washington , D . C . , the English language is spoken . The capital of the country is Washington , D . C . .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . , the capital is Washington , D . C . and the leader is Barack Obama .
The UNIVERSITY is located in United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . . The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
The UNIVERSITY is located in United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . . The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English and originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of Steuben County , Indiana in the United States . The language of the country is English language and the people are known as Americans .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of United States , where the leader is LEADERNAME and the African Americans are an ethnic group . The country ' s leader is LEADERNAME .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Sumatra .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of Summit County , Ohio , United States . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of Benton County , Oregon , United States . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
The UNIVERSITY is in the country of United States where the leader is John Sánchez . The country ' s leader is John Sánchez .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American and the capital city is Washington D . C .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D . C .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in United States .
The ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group in United States where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the state of Alabama , United States . The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the ethnic group is ETHNICGROUP .
The Javenese people are an ethnic group in United States which is part of the state of Alabama .
The capital of United States is Springfield and the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group . The country is the location of the ethnic groups of United States which is the location of the ethnic groups in United States . The country is the location of the ETHNICGROUP .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the leader is Barack Obama .
English is the language of the English language .
The English language is spoken in United States where the English language is spoken .
The English language is spoken in United States where the English language is spoken and the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of United States where the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the ethnic groups of the United States and the language spoken is English language .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is located in New Mexico , United States . The country ' s leader is Barack Obama and the leader is Barack Obama .
The English language is spoken in United States where the English language is spoken and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of Indiana , United States . The language of the country is English language and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana , United States . The language of the country is English language and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of Steuben County , Indiana in the United States . The language of the country is English language and the people are known as Americans .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States which is lead by the President of the United States and is lead by the President of the United States .
Barack Obama is the leader of Greece .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the leader is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group and Barack Obama is the leader .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the leader is Barack Obama .
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is Barack Obama .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the language is English .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is a leader and the capital city is Washington D . C . and Barack Obama is the leader .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital city is Washington D . C . and ETHNICGROUP are one of the ethnic groups there .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the language is English .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the leader is LEADERNAME and the African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is LEADERNAME and one of the ethnic groups is African American .
The leader of the United States is the President . The leader of the country is the President .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States , where the leader is LEADERNAME and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the language is English .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of United States where the leader is called LEADERNAME . The country ' s leader is known as the President and the leader is called LEADERNAME . The country ' s leader is called the President .
A Glastonbury Romance was preceded by PRECEDEDBY .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1 , 1969 . He served as a fighter pilot and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a M . S . in 1962 and was a member of the Apollo 8 crew . He retired on September 1 , 1969 .
William Anders was born on March 15 , 1932 in British Hong Kong . He was a crew member of Apollo 8 and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong . He was a member of the Apollo 8 crew . He retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 . He was a member of the Apollo 8 crew . He was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 . He was a member of the Apollo 8 crew . He spent 100305 minutes in space .
William Anders , a crew member of Apollo 8 , was selected by NASA .
William Anders graduated from the AFIT , M . S . 1962 .
William Anders graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Sc . D . in 1963 . He was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
