The manager of 1 . FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who played for SV Germania Schöneiche and is the manager of 1 . FC Magdeburg .
The manager of 1 . FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for FSV Zwickau and is the manager of 1 . FC Magdeburg .
1 . FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 – 15 Regionalliga season .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba , Alba .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba state .
103 Colmore Row was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors and is located in Birmingham .
John Madin was born in Birmingham and was the architect of 103 Colmore Row .
108 St Georges Terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the capital is Cape Town and the Coloured are an ethnic group .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg , Seminary Ridge , United States . It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States . It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 , is located in the state of Pennsylvania , United States .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Maryland . The nearest city is Frederick , Maryland .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and wrote 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes .
The novel 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was followed by Ring of Fire II . The book was written in BIRTHPLACE .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis , written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint , is available in hardcover and has 448 pages .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair and was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and is available in hardcover .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . and has 512 pages and is available in hardcover .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is available in hardcover .
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
200 Public Square is located in United States and has 45 floors .
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 and is located in Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States . The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , which is lead by Frank G . Jackson .
The architecture style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern architecture .
250 Delaware Avenue , Buffalo , New York , has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and began in January , 2014 and has 12 floors .
250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo , New York has 12 floors and a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
250 Delaware Avenue , United States , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States . The capital of Chicago is Springfield and the capital is Springfield , Illinois .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States . The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , which is lead by Rahm Emanuel .
300 North LaSalle , Illinois , has 60 floors and was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors .
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler .
320 South Boston Building was designed by the architect George Winkler , who was born in BIRTHPLACE .
George Winkler is the architect of 320 South Boston Building which has 22 floors .
The construction of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910 .
Populous ( company ) is the architect of 3Arena , Dublin .
HOK SVE is the architect of 3Arena , East Link Bridge .
3Arena , completed in December 2008 , is located at North Wall Quay and was completed in December 2008 .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Leinster , and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
The manager of A . C . Cesena is Massimo Drago who played for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 and is the manager of A . C . Cesena .
A . C . Chievo Verona has 39371 members and their ground is located in Verona , Italy .
Rolando Maran is the manager of A . C . Chievo Verona .
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for Carrarese Calcio and is the manager of A . C . Chievo Verona .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy .
The full name of A . C . Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA and they have 4150 members .
The ground of A . C . Lumezzane is located in Italy , where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for A . C . Chievo Verona and is the manager of A . C . Lumezzane .
A . D . Isidro Metapán play in the Salvadoran Primera División .
The manager of A . D . Isidro Metapán is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez who played for El Salvador national football team and is the manager of A . D . Isidro Metapán .
The manager of A . D . Isidro Metapán is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez who played for FC Dallas .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is located in Efxeinoupoli .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis ' s ground is in Efxeinoupoli , they have 1500 members and play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 – 15 A EPSTH , Greece season .
The full name of A . F . C . Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool .
A . F . C . Blackpool ' s ground is in Blackpool .
The full name of A . F . C . Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool and they have 1500 members .
A . F . C . Blackpool ' s ground is in The Mechanics , .
The ground of A . F . C . Blackpool is located in Blackpool , where the leader is Conservative Party ( UK ) and the leader is Conservative Party ( UK ) .
The ground of A . F . C . Blackpool is located in Blackpool , where the leader is Gordon Marsden and the leader is Gordon Marsden .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who played for Blackburn Rovers F . C . .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who played for Runcorn F . C . Halton and is the manager of A . F . C . Blackpool .
The ground of A . F . C . Blackpool is located in Blackpool , where the leader is Labour Party ( UK ) and the leader is Labour Party ( UK ) .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who played for Irlam Town F . C . .
The full name of A . F . C . Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde and they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
The manager of A . F . C . Fylde is Dave Challinor who played for Colwyn Bay F . C . and is the manager of A . F . C . Fylde .
A . F . C . Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is located in Lancashire .
The full name of A . F . C . Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde and they have 3180 members and played in the 2014 season .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in Gubbio .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the language spoken is Italian .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is located in Gubbio .
The full name of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S . p . A . and they have 19238 members .
A . S . Livorno Calcio is in the Serie B league and their ground is in Livorno .
Carpi F . C . 1909 are the champions of the Serie B , the champions of which are Olympiacos F . C .
The manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who played for A . S . Roma .
The manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who played for Real Madrid C . F . and is the manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones and has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones and is available in hardcover .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones and has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317 .
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys and was followed by Weymouth Sands .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover .
A Long Long Way is available in print and has the OCLC number 57392246 .
A Long Long Way is written in English .
A Long Long Way has 292 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press who published A Long Long Way .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in hardcover .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States and published by Soho Press .
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain . The book is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the Asian Americans . English is spoken in the United States .
A Severed Wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Severed Wasp is available in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 .
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735 .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has 560 pages and is available in hardcover .
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in Denmark .
Marriott International was founded in Washington DC and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark . The leader of Denmark is Margrethe II of Denmark .
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoken . The current tenant of the hotel is Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC .
Marriott International was founded in Washington DC and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark . The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has a floor area of 62145 .
The architect of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is 3XN , which has 23 floors .
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , which has 23 floors , is located in Copenhagen and has 23 floors .
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa who played for Juventus F . C . .
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa who plays for Inter Milan and is the manager of ACF Fiorentina .
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members .
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by Association for Computing Machinery , headquartered in New York City and is headquartered in New York City .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Athens .
AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members and their ground is located in Greece .
AEK Athens F . C . is in the Superleague Greece league and their ground is in Olympic Stadium ( Athens ) .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Greece and they have NUMBEROFMEMBERS members .
The manager of AEK Athens F . C . is Gus Poyet who played for Chelsea F . C . and is the manager of AEK Athens F . C . .
The Olympic Stadium , in Marousi , is the manager of AEK Athens FC . They played for the Chelsea F . C . club .
AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members and play in the 2014 season . They have 69618 members .
AEK Athens F . C . played in the 2014 – 15 Football League ( Greece ) season .
The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located in Amsterdam , where the leader is Eberhard van der Laan and the leader is Eberhard van der Laan .
The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located in Amsterdam , where the leader is Eberhard van der Laan and the leader is Eberhard van der Laan .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax NV and owned by AFC Ajax NV .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst and the ground is Sportpark De Toekomst .
The full name of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs and they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is HIV / AIDS and has the ISSN number 0269 - 9370 .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is HIV / AIDS and has the ISSN number 1473 - 5571 .
AIDS ( journal ) is from the United Kingdom .
AIDS ( journal ) is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader .
Am . J . Math is the abbreviation for the AIP Advances .
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances . His alma mater is Stanford University .
AWH Engineering College in Kerala , India has 250 academic staff .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 2001 . The Ganges is a river in India .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala , COUNTRY . It was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom who played for İstanbulspor A . Ş . and is the manager of AZ Alkmaar .
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom who plays for Netherlands national football team and is the manager of AZ Alkmaar .
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014 – 15 Eredivisie season .
The AZAL Arena is located in Baku .
The AZAL PFK club is located in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan .
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , part of the Central Denmark region . Denmark ' s leader is LEADERNAME and the language spoken is Faroese language .
Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres and a runway name 10R / 28L .
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( abbreviated to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . ) has the ISSN number 1865 - 8784 and the LCCN number 32024459 .
Julius Springer is the publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas and is 546 metres above sea level . The runway name is 17L / 35R and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix .
The book Aenir was written in English and followed by Above the Veil .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and was followed by Above the Veil .
Above the Veil is available in hardcover .
Above the Veil , written by Garth Nix , is available in hardcover and has 248 pages .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 . It has 100 academic staff and NUMBEROFSTUDENTS students . It was established in 1996 .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students . Its dean is Mario Botta .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , COUNTRY . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , COUNTRY has 700 postgraduate students .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It was established in ESTABLISHED and has 700 postgraduate students .
Acharya Institute of Technology was established in ESTABLISHED .
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in ESTABLISHED and is affiliated with the AFFILIATION .
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore , India was established in ESTABLISHED . Its president is B . M . Reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students .
The Acharya Institute of Technology ' s campus is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and it has NUMBEROFPOSTGRADUATESTUDENTS postgraduate students . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . Its president is B . M . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Mumbai .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated to the AFFILIATION which is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka which is governed by the International Tennis Federation . The Institute is affiliated to the AFFILIATION which is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . ) has the ISSN number 0236 - 5294 and the LCCN number 83646315 .
The ISSN number of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) has the ISSN number 0567 - 7920 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) has the ISSN number 0567 - 7920 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and has the LCCN number 60040714 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
The location of AIRPORT is located in LOCATION .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . It is categorised as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , which is categorised as a contributing property . It is categorised as a contributing property .
Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the Adare Manor .
Adare Manor was completed in 1862 and was completed in 1862 .
The architect of Adare Manor is James Pain and George Richard Pain , .
Adare Manor was designed by Robert A . M . Stern and was completed in 1862 .
Adare Manor is located in Gujarat , Republic of Ireland , where the leader is Enda Kenny .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick , which is part of Munster .
The LCCN number of Addiction ( journal ) is 93645978 .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is Addiction .
Addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to Addiction ) has the ISSN number 1360 - 0443 and the ISSN number 1360 - 0443 .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell who published Addiction ( journal ) . It has the ISSN number 0965 - 2140 .
Addis Ababa City Hall , which was built in 1961 and completed in 1964 , has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . It was completed in 1964 .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York and serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York . The airport serves Saranac Lake , New York .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York and serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York . The airport serves Saranac Lake , New York and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
Adisham Hall in Haputale was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean .
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka , where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . It is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is 610 . 0 metres above sea level .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama , Community of Madrid , Spain .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE . The runway name is 14L / 32R and has a length of 4100 . 0 .
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 18L / 36R .
The ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas . The runway name is 18L / 36R and it has a length of 3500 . 0 .
Aenir , written by Garth Nix , was followed by Above the Veil and followed by Above the Veil .
Aenir is written in English .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has 233 pages and is available in hardcover .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba .
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force . The IATA location identifier is VIAG and the ICAO location identifier is VIAG .
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force . The airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and operated by the Indian Air Force .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh .
Vila Nova Futebol Clube are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C , the champions of which are Olympiacos F . C .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil . Their ground is in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan .
The address of Akita Museum of Art is 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori , Akita Prefecture , Japan . It has BEDCOUNT beds and is located in Akita Prefecture .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . One of the ethnic groups in Japan are the Filipinos .
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . One of the ethnic groups in Japan are the Filipinos .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . The leader of the country is Tarō Asō and the leader is Tarō Asō .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Japan and is located in Akita , Akita .
Akita Museum of Art is located in the country of Japan .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Japan and is located in Akita , Akita .
The address of Akita Museum of Art is 1 - 4 - 2 Nakadori , which has 3 floors .
Luanda is in the United States .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The AZAL Arena is located in Summit County , Ohio .
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , Summit County , Ohio .
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season season .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah .
The runway length of Al - Taqaddum Air Base is 3684 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where the Arabic is spoken .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq . The airport ' s runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq . The runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 . The airport is operated by United States Air Force .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The runway name is 09R / 27L and it has a length of 3990 . 0 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The airport ' s runway name is 08 / 26 and it has a length of 3992 . 88 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and fought in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya . The McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The USAF fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the Invasion of Panama . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase and fought in the Invasion of Grenada . The McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The USAF fought in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The USAF fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the Invasion of Panama . They deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B . Miller Hall in the United States .
The College of William and Mary is the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall , which is owned by the College of William and Mary and is located in Virginia , United States .
Alan B . Miller Hall is owned by College of William & Mary .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B Miller Hall , which was completed in 1 June 2009 and is located at Williamsburg , Virginia .
Alan Bean was born on July 23rd , 1927 .
Alan Bean is from the United States .
Alan Bean , who was born in Wheeler , Texas , is now retired .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and spent 13017 minutes in space .
Alan Bean is a US national who was born on March 15 , 1932 in Wheeler , Texas . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . in 1963 . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12 .
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15 , 1932 . He spent 100305 minutes in space .
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He served as a test pilot and is now retired .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on the 23rd of July 1927 . He was a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California .
Alan Shepard is a test pilot .
Alan Shepard , born in New Hampshire , was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romania .
The area code for Albany , Georgia is 229 .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The English language is spoken in Georgia ( U . S . state ) and Georgia ( U . S . state ) . The English language is spoken in United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Albany , Georgia , Georgia ( U . S . state ) , United States . The leader of the country is Americans .
Albany , Oregon is part of Oregon .
Albany , Oregon is part of United States .
The population density of Albuquerque , New Mexico , is 1142 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . 3 inhabitants per square kilometres .
The Mayor leads Albuquerque , New Mexico .
The New Mexico House of Representatives leads Albuquerque , New Mexico .
The New Mexico Senate leads Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico , is 1104 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100 and the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 78771100 .
Alderney is served by Alderney Airport which is 88 metres above sea level . The runway name is 08 / 26 and it is 733 . 0 in length .
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which has a runway length of 877 . 0 and is made from Poaceae .
The surface of the 1st runway at Alderney airport is poaceae , which is made from Poaceae .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14 / 32 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by OPERATINGORGANISATION which is located in Pakistan .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . The runway name is 18L / 36R and it has a length of 3310 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International airport is located in Pakistan where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Punjab , Pakistan . The runway name is 18R / 36L and it has a length of 2900 . 0 .
Located in Punjab , Pakistan , Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 2900 . 0 and a runway name 18L / 36R .
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360 . 12 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and is 210 metres above sea level .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan . The runway name is 7 / 25 and it is 1533 . 0 long .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan . The runway name is 1 / 19 and it is 2744 . 0 long .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpharetta , Georgia is part of Fulton County , Georgia , United States .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The capital of United States is Washington DC and the capital city is Washington D . C . and the capital city is Washington DC .
Alpharetta , Georgia is part of Fulton County , Georgia , United States . The largest city is LARGESTAlpharetta , Georgia , the largest city is LARGESTAlpharetta , Georgia .
The total area of Amarillo , Texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
The capital of United States is Washington D . C . and the capital city is Washington D . C . and the capital city is Washington DC .
Guadalajara is located in Potter County , Texas , United States .
The English language is spoken in the state of Potter County , Texas , in the United States . The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . .
Guadalajara is located in Potter County , Texas , Potter County , Texas , United States .
The MONUMENT is located in Potter County , Texas , Potter County , Texas , United States . The leader of the country is LEADERNAME .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Randall County , Texas .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Texas .
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy .
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy .
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region of Italy . The main ingredients are Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road .
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India where the Amdavad ni Gufa is located .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Gujarat .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader and Sumitra Mahajan is the leader .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is Mathematics .
American Journal of Mathematics ( abbreviated to Am . J . Math . ) is academically focused on Mathematics .
The American Journal of Mathematics , published by PUBLISHER , is published by PUBLISHER in the United States .
Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of PUBLISHER who publish the American Journal of Mathematics .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka , where Austin Fernando is the leader and the leader is Austin Fernando .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka . The capital of the country is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
Ampara Hospital is located in the state of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where the leader is Austin Fernando .
The Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
18 is the number of the first runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
The first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . The runway name is 09 / 27 ' Buitenveldertbaan ' and has a length of 2014 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . The runway name is 18L / 36R ' Aalsmeerbaan ' and has a length of 2014 . 0 .
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06 / 24 ' Kaagbaan ' .
The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan .
The total area of Anaheim , California is 657 , 714 .
Anaheim , California is part of California .
The leader of Anaheim , California is the United States House of Representatives .
Anaheim , California is part of Orange County , California , United States .
The Spanish language is spoken in Anaheim , California , California .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
The city of Anderson , Indiana , in New Jersey , is located in Anderson , Indiana , United States .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Indiana .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Richland Township , Madison County , Indiana .
The population density of Anderson , Indiana , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Andrews County Airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
Located in Texas , Andrews County Airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
Located in Texas , Andrews County Airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the capital is Austin and the inhabitants are called Texans .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where the capital is Austin , Texas and the language spoken is English .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States where the capital city is Austin . The English language is spoken in Texas .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States where the inhabitants are called Texans .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where the largest city is Houston .
Andrews County Airport is owned by the Andrews County , Texas .
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896 . 0 .
Angola , Indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
The total area of Angola , Indiana is Austin , Indiana , United States .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made from Asphalt .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda . The runway name is 05L / 23R and it is 3800 . 0 long .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , Angola and serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin .
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
The total area of Antioch , California , in Antioch , California , is - 7 .
The area code for Antioch , California is 925 .
Antioch , California has a total area of 6 .
Antioch , California is part of Contra Costa County , California .
The California ' s 11th State Assembly district is the leader of Antioch , California .
The United States House of Representatives leads Antioch , California .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken .
Antwerp International Airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and is operated by the Flemish government and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and served as a crew member of Apollo 12 .
Alan Bean was born in BIRTHPLACE and served as a crew member of Apollo 12 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in BIRTHPLACE .
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is operated by NASA .
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439 . 0 .
April O ' Neil was created by Kevin Eastman .
Peter Laird is the creator of the comic character Bolt .
The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia where the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia where the Indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah .
The main ingredients of Arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . The dish comes from the Javanese cuisine region .
Arlington , Texas has a total area of 6 .
Arlington , Texas is part of Tarrant County , Texas , United States .
Arlington , Texas is part of Texas , United States .
The population density of Arlington , Texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy where the Italian language is spoken .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce .
Chili pepper is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy .
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is part of the Solanaceae family and is part of the Solanaceae family .
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the Rome region of Italy .
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the Rome region of Italy .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain . The main ingredients are White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain . The main ingredients are MAININGREDIENTS .
Arròs negre is a food found in Spain , where the Spaniards are an ethnic group and the Spaniards are an ethnic group .
White rice is an ingredient in Arròs negre .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region .
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community region .
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community region of Spain .
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Asam pedas is a dish from Malay Peninsula , Malaysia . The main ingredients are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula , Malaysia . The capital of the country is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group there .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Malaysia . The capital of the country is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group there .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malay Peninsula , Malaysia . The capital of the country is Kuala Lumpur and the Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group there .
The Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in Malaysia where the Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group . Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra and Malaysia . The Batak are an ethnic group from Malaysia .
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra , Malaysia . The Batak and Malays ( ethnic group ) are ethnic groups from Sumatra .
The Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the Romanesque Revival style .
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by the OPERATINGORGANISATION which has its headquarters in Turkmenistan .
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . It is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which has their headquarters in Ashgabat .
The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 11 / 29 .
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan .
Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , designed the significant buildings of Asilomar Conference and the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan , born in San Francisco , designed the significant buildings of Asilomar Conference and the SIGNIFICANTAsilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds .
The Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in YEAROFCONSTRUCTION .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California and was built in YEAROFCONSTRUCTION .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , built in 1913 , is located in Pacific Grove , California and has the reference number 87000823 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was built in 1913 .
Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 , is located in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) and has the reference number 80002709 .
Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 , is located in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) . It was built in 1904 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City .
Asser Levy Public Baths , built in 1904 , is located in New York City . It was built in 1904 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , which is part of Brooklyn and is part of Brooklyn .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , United States .
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City , New Netherland , United States . The leader of New York City is Cyrus Vance Jr .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Manhattan , United States . The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Brooklyn .
The comic character Bolt was created by Albert Uderzo and Albert Uderzo .
Athens International Airport in Spata is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . The country ' s leader is Nikos Voutsis and the language spoken is Dutch .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . The country ' s leader is Prokopis Pavlopoulos and the language spoken is Dutch .
The population density of Atlanta , is 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . 1 inhabitants per square kilometres .
Atlanta is part of Georgia .
The capital of United States is Washington DC and the capital city is Washington D . C . and the capital city is Washington DC .
Kasim Reed is the leader of Atlanta .
The population density of Atlanta , is 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
The total area of Atlantic City , New Jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of New Jersey , United States .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , capital is Washington , D . C . , is the capital of United States .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
LOCATION is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . The largest city in United States is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of New Jersey .
The population density of Atlantic City , New Jersey , is 1104 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometres , in Atlantic City , New Jersey .
The population density of Atlantic City , New Jersey , is 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and serves the city of Appleton , Wisconsin .
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey which is part of New Jersey , United States . The leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey is Don Guardian .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Aktieselkab organisation .
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of the Atlantic City International Airport which is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which is headquartered in Four World Trade Center .
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and is owned by Stephen Dilts .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
The runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is 13 / 31 .
Attica , Indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
The city of Attica , Indiana , in New Jersey , is located in Attica , Indiana , U . S . and has a population density of 783 . 1 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County , Alabama .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Alabama , United States .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the capital city is Washington D . C . The capital city is Washington D . C .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States which is the location of the BUILDING in the state of Lee County , Alabama .
The total area of Auburn , Washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
The city of Auburn , Washington , in New Jersey , is located in Auburn , Washington , United States . The population density of Auburn , Washington is 1104 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
Auburn , Washington is part of Pierce County , Washington , United States .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital city is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . , the capital city is Washington , D . C . , the capital is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital city is Washington , D . C . .
Auburn , Washington , United States is the location of the BUILDING .
Austin , Texas is part of Texas .
Austin is the largest city in Texas , Williamson County , Texas , COUNTRY .
Austin , Texas is the location of the Hays County , Texas .
Austin , Texas is the largest city in Texas , Texas .
Austin , Texas is the largest city in Texas , Texas .
Ayam penyet is from the Malaysia region of Indonesia .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia , Indonesia . The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia .
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The leader of Azerbaijan is Baku and the capital city is Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital city is Baku and the leader is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital city is Baku and the capital city is Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku and the capital is Baku .
The leader of Turkey is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital city is Baku and the capital city is Baku .
The Atatürk Monument is located in Azerbaijan , where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the leader is Artur Rasizade .
The leader of CITY is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan .
Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC which is located in Broadcasting House and is located in Broadcasting House and is located in Broadcasting House .
BLT is a variation of BLT and BLT .
A variation of a bacon sandwich is the BLT , which is a variation of the BLT which contains lettuce .
Tomato is an ingredient of FOOD .
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area region of United States . The main ingredients are Sausage .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is Washington DC .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is a leader and the capital is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the leader is John Roberts .
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and the capital is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are Bacon .
Bacon is an ingredient of Bacon sandwich which is a dish from COUNTRY .
Bread is an ingredient in the BLT which is a variation of the club sandwich .
Bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the country of United Kingdom and includes the ingredient bread , almonds , garlic and olive oil .
Ketchup is an ingredient of Bacon sandwich which comes from the United Kingdom .
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the country of United Kingdom and contains gram flour and vegetables .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from France .
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of France .
Baked Alaska is a food found in France where the leader is Manuel Valls .
Baked Alaska is a food found in France where the currency is the Euro and the currency is the Euro .
Baked Alaska is a food found in Hong Kong , France . Gérard Larcher is the leader of France and Gérard Larcher is the leader of France .
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from United States .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of United States .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is a dessert .
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Baked Alaska is from the Paris , New York or Hong Kong region of United States . The main ingredients are Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region .
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region of France , United States or China . The main ingredients are MAININGREDIENTS .
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region of United States . The main ingredients are Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
Fruit preserves is an ingredient of Bakewell pudding which is a variation of Bakewell pudding .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that contains ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the region of Derbyshire Dales . The main ingredients are Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
Fruit preserves is an ingredient of Bakewell pudding which comes from the region of REGION .
Bakewell pudding can be served SERVINGTEMPERATURE .
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso which is a member of the Apiaceae family .
Bakso is a dish from the region of REGION , Indonesia . The main ingredients are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from the Indonesia .
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia . The main ingredients are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial , designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner , is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner .
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı .
Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC .
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by BBC .
Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by STV .
Bananaman was first broadcast by the STV on 3 October 1983 and starred Jill Shilling .
Bananaman was broadcasted by BBC and starred Tim Brooke - Taylor .
Tim Brooke - Taylor , born in Derbyshire , starred in Bananaman .
Bandeja paisa is a food found in Colombian cuisine .
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which comes from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine .
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
Chicharrón is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which comes from Colombian cuisine .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is a member of the Rutaceae family and is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region .
Hogao is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which comes from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and François Hollande .
Barny Cakes is a food found in France where the leader is Claude Bartolone .
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Manuel Valls .
Barny Cakes is a food found in France , where François Hollande is the leader and the French language is spoken and the leader is François Hollande .
Barny Cakes is a food found in COUNTRY .
Batagor is a dish from the country of Indonesia and includes peanut sauce .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which comes from Indonesia .
Batagor is a dish from the country of Indonesia , where Joko Widodo is the leader and the leader is Joko Widodo .
Batagor is a dish from the country of Indonesia , where Joko Widodo is the leader and the leader is Joko Widodo .
Batagor is a dish from the country of Indonesia , where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Shumai is a variation of Batagor .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce are the main ingredients of Batagor .
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Batchoy is from the La Paz , Iloilo City region of Philippines . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 , starring Scott Adsit .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 , starring Alan Tudyk .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 , starring Scott Adsit .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 .
Palm sugar is an ingredient of Beef kway teow which comes from Singapore .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the region of REGION , Singapore . The main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore where the leader is Tony Tan .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob .
The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow is from the Indonesia region .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in Beef kway teow which comes from the Singapore region of Indonesia .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore and Indonesia , where Halimah Yacob is the leader and the leader is Halimah Yacob .
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in Beef kway teow which comes from the Singapore region of Singapore and Indonesia .
Beef kway teow is from the Singapore region of Indonesia . The main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
French is the language spoken in Belgium .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium . The country ' s leader is Charles Michel and the leader is Charles Michel .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is in Belgium where the French language is spoken and the French language is spoken .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp , Belgium . The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel and the leader is Charles Michel .
The comic character Auron , whose full name is Benjamin Urich , was created by Roger McKenzie ( comic book writer ) .
The comic character Auron ' s full name is Benjamin Urich .
An alternative name for Bhajji is Bhaji , bajji .
Bhajji ( or Bhaji , bajji ) is from the Karnataka region of India . Its alternative name is Bhaji , bajji .
Bhajji ( or Bhaji , bajji ) is from the Karnataka region of India . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Bhajji is a food found in India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the currency is the Indian rupee .
Bhajji is a food found in India .
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India , where Vajubhai Vala is the leader and the people are called Indians .
Bhajji is a food found in India , where Sumitra Mahajan is the leader and the leaders are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan .
Bhajji is a food found in India where the leader is T . S . Thakur .
Bhajji , also known as Bhaji or bajji , comes from the Karnataka region of COUNTRY .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and Marv Wolfman .
The comic character Auron , whose full name is Bo Bibbowski , was created by Marv Wolfman .
The comic character Auron ' s full name is Bo Bibbowski .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter .
Brandon Sanderson was born in Lancashire .
Binignit is a food found in Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group .
Banana is an ingredient of Binignit which is a dessert .
Sago is an ingredient of Binignit which is a dessert .
Sweet potato is an ingredient of Binignit which is a flowering plant of the order Solanales .
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit .
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit which is a dessert .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Banana .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Sweet potato .
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and coconut milk .
Binignit is from the Visayas region of Philippines . The main ingredients are Coconut milk .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Mexico .
Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of the Mexico . The main ingredients are Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
Bionico is a dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
Bionico is from the Guadalajara region of Mexico . The main ingredients are Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
Raisin is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico , where the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto and the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico , where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Bionico is a dessert found in Jalisco , Mexico . The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the currency is the Mexican peso and the currency is the Mexican peso .
Cottage cheese is a variation of Bionico .
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region .
Bionico is from the Jalisco region .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was designed by the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham and is the architect of 103 Colmore Row .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham , which is lead by the John Clancy ( Labour politician ) .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham and is the architect of 103 Colmore Row .
The comic character Blockbuster is also known as Jon Valor .
The comic character , Blockbuster , was created by Carmine Infantino and Carmine Infantino .
The comic character , Blockbuster , was created by Gary Cohn ( comics ) and Gary Cohn ( comics ) .
The comic character , Blockbuster , was created by Gary Cohn ( comics ) and Gary Cohn ( comics ) .
The comic character Asterix , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Ernie Colón and Ernie Colón .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a representative of Chris Patten .
Alcobendas is part of Erie County , New York .
The leader of Catalonia is Byron Brown .
Buzz Aldrin graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . 1963 .
Buzz Aldrin was born on March 15 , 1932 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He was a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born on Mar 15 , 1932 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15 , 1932 . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . in 1955 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 . He was a crew member on Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15 , 1932 . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . in 1962 . He was a test pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , where Joe Biden is a leader .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . in 1962 . He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew .
William Anders was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . in 1962 .
American William Anders was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and is operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He was a test pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . in 1962 . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 .
William Anders was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and is operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born on March 15 , 1932 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
William Anders is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He is now retired .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and served as a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15 , 1932 . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . in 1962 . He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , Essex County , New Jersey .
Buzz Aldrin was born in BIRTHPLACE and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . A . in 1962 .
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin , who was born in BIRTHPLACE , was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
William Anders was born in BIRTHPLACE and is operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963 .
The Senator representing California was SENATORS .
Alan Shepard was born in BIRTHPLACE and died in California . He died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in BIRTHPLACE and died in California . He died in California .
The Chinese language is spoken in Anaheim , California , California .
The Spanish language is spoken in California .
The English language is spoken in Ethiopia .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain , where LEADERNAME is the leader and Spaniards are an ethnic group .
Celery is in the class Bird .
Gus Poyet ' s club is Chelsea F . C . .
Gus Poyet ' s club is Inter Milan .
Alcobendas is part of Munster .
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick , Munster .
Curitiba is part of the state of Parana .
Dunwoody , Georgia is the largest city in Ireland .
Danes inhabit Denmark .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and the leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association and its dean is Thomas Pallesen . The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Bionico and Sandesh are both desserts .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in BIRTHPLACE and died in California .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He died in California .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland .
Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Catalonia .
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 , which stars Alan Tudyk .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . The ICAO Location Identifier of the airport is KACY .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from NWC with an MA in 1957 . He died in St . Louis .
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962 . He died in St . Louis .
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died in St . Louis .
Elliot See died 1966 - 02 - 28 .
Elliot See died in St . Louis .
Elliot See died in St . Louis on July 21 , 1998 .
Elliot See is retired .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , where English is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is African American .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States , where the language is English and one of the ethnic groups are the ETHNICGROUP .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American . English is the language spoken in Great Britain .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the language is English and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the language is English .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital city is Washington DC and the capital city is Washington D . C . and English is spoken in Great Britain .
Brandon Sanderson was born in Burbank , California .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia where the leader is Hailemariam Desalegn .
The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Luanda is in the Iraq .
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Tor Books .
Gus Poyet ' s club is FC Barcelona .
Luanda is in the United States .
Albany , Georgia is part of Dougherty County , Georgia .
Alpharetta , Georgia is part of Fulton County , Georgia .
Luanda is in the United States .
Alcobendas is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
Chicharrón is from the Umbria region .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio , which is in the Umbria region .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , COUNTRY . The leader of Gujarat is Anandiben Patel .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is served by Saranac Lake , New York International airport .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York and is served by Saranac Lake , New York International airport .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is part of Essex County , New York .
The currency of France is the Indian rupee .
Indian people are from India .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 2001 . It has 250 academic staff and NUMBEROFSTUDENTS students .
The AWH Engineering College in India was established in 2001 and is located in India . The country ' s largest city is Mumbai and the Ganges is a river in India .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala , India . India ' s largest city is Mumbai and the largest city is Mumbai . The Ganges is a river in India .
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , where Narendra Modi is the leader and Narendra Modi is the leader .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force .
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is lead by Ram Naik . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force which uses the HAL Light Combat Helicopter .
Akron , Texas , Texas is the language of Texas , Texas , Texas .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Indiana . The capital of Indiana is Springfield .
Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia .
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where the leader is Joko Widodo .
Bakso is a dish from the country of Indonesia , where the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasília .
The novel Aenir , which was preceded by Into Battle ( novel ) , is the sequel to Castle ( novel ) .
The Arabic is spoken in Iraq .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . The country ' s leader is Fuad Masum and the leader is Fuad Masum .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . The country ' s leader is Haider al - Abadi and the leader is Haider al - Abadi .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . The country ' s leader is Fuad Masum and the language spoken is Dutch .
Amatriciana sauce is a food found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Amatriciana sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini and the capital city is Rome .
Amatriciana sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini and the capital city is Rome .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the leader is Pietro Grasso .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the capital of which is Rome and the language spoken is Italian and the language spoken is Italian .
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy .
Amatriciana sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Matteo Renzi and the capital city is Rome .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the official language is Italian and the official language is Italian and the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
The leader of Jalisco is Aristóteles Sandoval .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Japan and has the ethnic group of Koreans .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Java , where the Baduy are an ethnic group and the Baduy are an ethnic group .
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet which comes from the Nationwide , also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore region of Java . The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java .
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region of Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group and the Javanese people are an ethnic group .
Gus Poyet ' s club is FC Sachsen Leipzig .
Gene Colan won the Eisner Award .
John Cowper Powys , born in Shirley , Derbyshire , was born in Shirley , Derbyshire and was born in Shirley , Derbyshire .
The novel A Glastonbury Romance was written by AUTHOR .
Gus Poyet ' s club is FC Dallas .
One of the significant buildings of Japan is RUNWAYLENGTH .
Jack Kirby is an American .
The MONUMENT is located in LOCATION .
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala and has 250 academic staff . Kerala ' s leader is Kochi .
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala which is led by Kochi .
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala , COUNTRY . The leader of Kerala is Kochi and it has Mahe , COUNTRY .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore , Pakistan . The airport serves the city of Lahore and serves the city of Lahore .
The AZAL Arena is located in Beverly Hills , California .
London is the leader of United Kingdom where 20 Fenchurch Street is located . The capital city is London and the leader is Elizabeth II .
The manager of A . S . Rom is Luciano Spalletti who played for Empoli F . C . .
Gus Poyet ' s club is Udinese Calcio .
The manager of A . S . Rom is Luciano Spalletti who played for Empoli F . C . and is the manager of A . S . Rom .
AIRPORT is located in LOCATION , Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Anderson , Indiana is in the U . S .
Antwerp is in the Spain .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid where the leader party is the Peoples Party , Spain .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Spain where the leader party is the Peoples Party .
The Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group from Malaysia .
The leader of Manhattan is Cyrus Vance Jr .
Alcobendas is part of United States .
Marriott International is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen , Bethesda , Maryland . The current tenant of the hotel is Marriott International which has Bill Marriott as a tenant .
Gene Colan won the Kirby Award .
Gus Poyet ' s club is A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
The manager of A . C . Cesena is Massimo Drago who played for A . S . D . Licata 1931 and is the manager of A . C . Cesena .
The manager of A . C . Cesena is Massimo Drago who played for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 and is the manager of A . C . Cesena .
The manager of A . C . Cesena is Massimo Drago who played for S . S . Chieti Calcio and is the manager of A . C . Cesena .
Romania ' s leader is LEADERNAME .
The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Gus Poyet ' s club is Atalanta B . C . .
Gus Poyet ' s club is Vicenza Calcio .
Alabama is located in United States .
The largest city in Michigan is Detroit .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland , United States . It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space .
Atlantic City , New Jersey , United States is the location of the BUILDING .
Alcobendas is part of New Netherland .
The Spanish language is spoken in Ethiopia .
Luanda is in the United States .
Portland , Oregon is the largest city in Ireland .
Alcobendas is part of California .
Pakistan ' s leader is Sardar Ayaz Sadiq .
Jack Kirby is an American .
Max Huiberts is in the CLUB club .
The manager of 1 . FC Köln is Peter Stöger who plays for FK Austria Wien and is the manager of 1 . FC Köln .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Zamboangans are an ethnic group and the Zamboangans are an ethnic group .
Batchoy is a food found in the Philippines , where the language is Spanish and Igorot people are an ethnic group .
Batchoy is a food found in the Philippines , where Arabic is spoken and the Igorot people are an ethnic group .
Batchoy is a food found in the Philippines , where Philippine Spanish is spoken and the Philippine Spanish is spoken and Chinese Filipino .
Binignit is a dessert found in Philippines where the Philippine English is spoken and the Philippine English is spoken .
Binignit is a dessert found in Philippines where the Philippine English is spoken and the Philippine English is spoken .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the division of flowering plants .
The ADMINISTRATIVEARRONDISSEMENT is the administrative arrondissement of Antwerp .
Gus Poyet ' s club is F . C . Bari 1908 .
The capital of Romania is Bucharest .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s leader is the Deșteaptă - te , române ! and the national anthem is the Deșteaptă - te , române ! .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române !
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s leader is Klaus Iohannis and the leader is Klaus Iohannis .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române and its ethnic group is Germans of Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române !
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia , Romania . The country ' s leader is Klaus Iohannis and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române !
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . The capital of the country is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis .
SAGE Publications is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly and has the ISSN number 0001 - 8392 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes , part of the community of Madrid in Spain .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and NUMBEROFSTUDENTS students .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . It was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , COUNTRY . The School is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and its leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . It has ACADEMICSTAFFSIZE academic staff and 16 , 000 students . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen .
School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 .
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen .
There are 16000 students at the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University .
Brandon Sanderson was born in Northbrook , Illinois .
Tirstrup is in China .
Shiitake is an ingredient of Batagor which is a variation of Batagor .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore where the English language is spoken and the leader is Tony Tan .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of FOOD .
Luanda is in the United States .
White South African are an ethnic group in Japan .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where the Spaniards are an ethnic group and the language spoken is Spanish language .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain , where Susana Díaz is the leader and the people are called Indians .
Jong Ajax is a tenant of the BUILDING .
Luanda is in the United States .
Malays ( ethnic group ) is an ethnic group in Sumatra .
The Spanish language is spoken in the COUNTRY , where the Spanish language is spoken . The Spanish language is spoken in Texas .
Fort Worth , Texas is the largest city in Ireland .
Akron , Texas , United States is the location of the BUILDING .
The English language is spoken in the United States where the English language is spoken . The English language is spoken in the United States .
Arlington , Texas is located in the COUNTRY , where the English language is spoken . The English language is spoken .
Houston is the largest city in Texas .
Faber and Faber is the publisher of WRITTENWORK .
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which is a member of the Solanaceae family and is part of the Solanaceae family .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is located in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara and the capital is Ankara .
Turkey ' s capital is Ankara and the capital city is Ankara . The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the capital is Ankara .
The Atatürk Monument in Turkey was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul and the currency is the Turkish lira .
The Atatürk Monument in Turkey was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . The leader of Turkey is the President of Turkey .
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey , where the capital city is Ankara . The Ataturk Monument ( Izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir , Turkey , where the capital city is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu . The capital city is Ankara .
The Atatürk Monument in Turkey was inaugurated on July 27th , 1932 and was inaugurated on the 27th of July , 1932 . The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu .
The leader of Catalonia is David Cameron .
The leader of Catalonia is Elizabeth II .
The comic book character Arion was created by OPERATOR .
The leader of Japan is LEADERNAME .
The AZAL Arena is located in United States Capitol .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital city is Washington D . C . and the capital city is Washington , D . C . .
Albany , Oregon is part of United States .
Amarillo , Texas , capital is Washington , D . C . , is the capital of United States .
Attica , Indiana is part of Fountain County , Indiana , United States . Washington , D . C . is the capital of United States .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital city is Washington , D . C . .
LOCATION is part of New Jersey , United States . The capital of United States is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey and the capital city is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey and the capital city is Washington , D . C . . The country is the location of the UNIVERSITY which is located in New Jersey , United States .
The English language is spoken in the United States , where the capital city is Washington , D . C . , the capital is Washington , D . C . .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and the leader is Barack Obama and the leader is Barack Obama .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the people are called Americans . The country is the location of the BUILDING in Albany , Oregon , Linn County , Oregon .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the people are called Americans . The country is the location of the BUILDING in Albany , Oregon , Oregon .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English and is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The people of United States are known as the Americans . The country is the location of the inhabitants of Akron , Steuben County , Indiana , where the language spoken is English .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States . The leader of the country is LEADERNAME and one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Japan .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the New Mexico Senate . The country is lead by the New Mexico Senate and is led by the New Mexico Senate .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital city is Washington D . C . and the capital city is Washington , D . C . .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States where the ethnic group is the President . The country is the location of the BUILDING in Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Albany , Georgia is part of United States .
Auburn , Alabama is in the United States and has the ethnic group of Koreans .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital city is Washington , D . C . . The country is the location of the BUILDING .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Auburn , Alabama , Alabama , United States .
The leader of United States is LEADERNAME , the capital city is Trenton , New Jersey , the capital city is Trenton , New Jersey , the capital city is Trenton , New Jersey .
The Mayor of Albuquerque is the leader in Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States . The leader of the country is the Mayor of Albuquerque .
The English language is spoken in Ethiopia .
The English language is spoken in United States where the English language is spoken .
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where the language spoken is English and the language is English .
The English language is spoken in the United States , where the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the BUILDING .
The leader of United States is Barack Obama and the leader is Barack Obama . The country is the location of the languages of New Mexico and New Mexico .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States , where the language spoken is English and the language is English .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken . The language spoken in the country is English and the language spoken is English language .
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken . The language spoken in the country is English and the language spoken is English language .
The people of United States are known as the Americans . The country is the location of the inhabitants of Akron , Steuben County , Indiana , where the language spoken is English .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the leader is Joe Biden and the leader is Joe Biden .
The leader of Ethiopia is Barack Obama .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Akron , Ohio , Summit County , Ohio , United States . The capital of the country is Washington , D . C . and the capital city is Washington , D . C . .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Barack Obama is the leader .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and the leader is Barack Obama .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair and was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion which was preceded by 1634 The Ram Rebellion which was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital city is Washington D . C . and Barack Obama is the leader .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States , where the leader is called the President and African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is known as the President .
Albuquerque , New Mexico is in the United States .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the language is English and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group . The language spoken in the US is English and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The people of Albany , Georgia are in the United States , where the people are called Americans . The country is the location of the BUILDING in Albany , Georgia , United States . The leader of United States is Americans .
A Glastonbury Romance was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance .
William Anders , who was born in British Hong Kong , was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
William Anders was a test pilot who was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of Apollo 8 .
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong . He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with a M . S . in 1962 . He was a crew member of Apollo 8 and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 . He was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8 and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of Apollo 8 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of Apollo 8 and retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 . He was a crew member of Apollo 8 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
William Anders was a test pilot who was born in BIRTHPLACE and served as a test pilot .
William Anders graduated from the AFIT , M . S . 1962 .
William Anders was born in BIRTHPLACE and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a crew member of Apollo 8 .
