The manager of 1 . FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for SV Germania Schöneiche and is attached to the club SV Germania Schöneiche .
The manager of 1 . FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for FSV Zwickau and plays for FSV Zwickau .
1 . FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 – 15 Regionalliga season .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the state of Alba , Alba .
1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the state of Alba .
Construction of 103 Colmore Row , Birmingham , began in 1973 and was completed in 1976 .
John Madin was born in Birmingham and is the architect of 103 Colmore Row .
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa .
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa , where the capital city is Cape Town and Coloured are an ethnic group .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg , Seminary Ridge , United States . It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , Pennsylvania , United States . It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument , established in 2000 , is located in the state of Pennsylvania , United States .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania , United States .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield , Frederick , Maryland .
Eric Flint is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes .
Eric Flint was born in Burbank , California and is the author of 1634 : The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was followed by Ring of Fire II and preceded by The Grantville Gazette .
1634 : The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and has 448 pages .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair and was preceded by 1634 : The Galileo Affair .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and is available in hardcover .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion , written by Eric Flint , Virginia DeMarce , et al . , has 512 pages and is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is available in hardcover .
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in United States .
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 and is located in Cleveland , Ohio , United States .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , United States . The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council .
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland , Cuyahoga County , Ohio , where the leader is Frank G . Jackson .
The architecture style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern architecture .
Construction of 250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo , New York began in January , 2014 and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo , New York has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
250 Delaware Avenue , with 12 floors , is located in United States and has 12 floors .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago .
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Illinois , United States , where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , Cook County , Illinois , United States , where Rahm Emanuel is a leader .
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago , DuPage County , Illinois , where the leader is Rahm Emanuel .
300 North LaSalle , Illinois , has 60 floors and a floor area of 111484 square metres .
The architect of 320 South Boston Building was George Winkler .
George Winkler is the architect of the 320 South Boston Building in the United States .
320 South Boston Building has 22 floors and was designed by the architect George Winkler .
The construction of 320 South Boston Building began in 1910 .
Populous ( company ) was the architect of 3Arena , Dublin .
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena , East Link Bridge .
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 and is located in North Wall Quay .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Leinster , and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment .
The manager of A . C . Cesena is Massimo Drago who plays for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 and is attached to the club A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
A . C . Chievo Verona has 39371 members and their ground is in Verona , Italy .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran .
Rolando Maran , who was born in Italy , is a member of the Carrarese Calcio club and manages A . C . Chievo Verona .
The manager of A . C . Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy .
The full name of A . C . Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA and they have 4150 members .
The manager of A . C . Lumezzane is Stuart Parker who plays for Vicenza Calcio and plays for Vicenza Calcio .
Michele Marcolini , who was born in Italy , is a member of the A . C . Chievo Verona club and manages A . C . Lumezzane .
A . D . Isidro Metapán play in the Salvadoran Primera División .
The manager of A . D . Isidro Metapán is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez who plays for El Salvador national football team and is attached to the club El Salvador national football team .
The manager of A . D . Isidro Metapán is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez who plays for FC Dallas .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is in Efxeinoupoli .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis , with 1500 members , play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP league and has 1500 members .
A . E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 – 15 A EPSTH , Greece season .
The full name of A . F . C . Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool .
A . F . C . Blackpool ' s ground is in Blackpool .
The full name of A . F . C . Blackpool is Association Football Club Blackpool and they have 1500 members .
A . F . C . Blackpool ' s ground is in The Mechanics , .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Stockport County F . C . and is the manager of A . F . C . Blackpool .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Stockport County F . C . and is the manager of A . F . C . Blackpool .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Blackburn Rovers F . C . .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Runcorn F . C . Halton and is attached to the club Runcorn F . C . Halton .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Stockport County F . C . and plays for Stockport County F . C . .
The manager of A . F . C . Blackpool is Stuart Parker ( footballer ) who plays for Irlam Town F . C . .
The full name of A . F . C . Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde and they have 3180 members and their ground is in Warton , Fylde , Lancashire .
The manager of A . F . C . Fylde is Dave Challinor who plays for Colwyn Bay F . C . and is attached to the club Colwyn Bay F . C . .
A . F . C . Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in Lancashire .
The full name of A . F . C . Fylde is Association Football Club Fylde and they have 3180 members and their ground is in Bryning Lane .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in Gubbio .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in Italy , where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the language spoken is Italian .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
A . S . Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in Gubbio .
The full name of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S . p . A . and they have 19238 members .
A . S . Livorno Calcio is in the Serie B league and play in the Serie B league .
The manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci , who play in the Serie B league , where Carpi F . C . 1909 are previous champions .
The manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for A . S . Roma .
The manager of A . S . Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for Real Madrid C . F . and is attached to the club Real Madrid C . F . .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , written by J . V . Jones , has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J . V . Jones and is available in hardcover .
A Fortress of Grey Ice , written by J . V . Jones , has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317 .
John Cowper Powys is the author of A Glastonbury Romance which was followed by Weymouth Sands .
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover .
A Long Long Way is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 57392246 .
A Long Long Way is written in English .
A Long Long Way has 292 pages and the ISBN number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press which is the publisher of A Long Long Way .
A Loyal Character Dancer , written by Qiu Xiaolong , has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
A Loyal Character Dancer , written by Qiu Xiaolong , has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in hardcover .
A Loyal Character Dancer was written in English and published in the United States .
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans .
A Severed Wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735 .
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States , where English is the language spoken .
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . The OCLC number is 8805735 .
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane .
A Wizard of Mars , written by Diane Duane , has 560 pages and is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International , which has 23 floors and is located in Denmark .
Marriott International is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which was founded in Washington DC and is lead by Margrethe II of Denmark .
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark .
Marriott International is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which was founded in Washington DC and is lead by Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms .
The tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International , which has 23 floors .
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen .
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen , with 23 floors , is located in Copenhagen and has 23 floors .
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa who plays for Juventus F . C . .
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa who plays for Inter Milan and plays for Inter Milan .
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members .
Association for Computing Machinery is the publisher of ACM Transactions on Information Systems which is published by Association for Computing Machinery .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Athens .
AEK Athens F . C . has 69618 members and their ground is in Greece .
AEK Athens F . C . is in the Superleague Greece league and play in the Superleague Greece league .
AEK Athens F . C . ' s ground is in Greece and they have been champions of LEAGUE .
The manager of AEK Athens F . C . is Gus Poyet who plays for Chelsea F . C . and is attached to the club Chelsea F . C . .
The ground of AEK Athens F . C . is located in Marousi and plays for Chelsea F . C . . He has been manager of AEK Athens F . C . .
AEK Athens F . C . , which has 69618 members , played in the 2014 season and have 69618 members .
AEK Athens F . C . played in the 2014 – 15 Football League ( Greece ) season .
The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located in Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader . The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan .
The ground of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is located in Amsterdam where Eberhard van der Laan is the leader . The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax . AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax .
AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst .
The nickname of AFC Ajax ( amateurs ) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs and they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season .
The AIDS journal comes under the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS and has the ISSN number 0269 - 9370 .
The AIDS journal comes under the academic discipline of HIV / AIDS and has the ISSN number 1473 - 5571 .
AIDS ( journal ) is from the United Kingdom .
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where AIDS ( journal ) was published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins .
AIP Advances is abbreviated to AIP Adv . and the EISSN number is 2158 .
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances . His alma mater is Stanford University .
AWH Engineering College in Kerala , India has 250 academic staff .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 2001 . The Ganges is a river in India .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . Kerala ' s leader is LEADERNAME .
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom who plays for İstanbulspor A . Ş . and is attached to the club İstanbulspor A . Ş . .
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom who plays for Netherlands national football team and plays for Netherlands national football team .
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014 – 15 Eredivisie season .
Infraero is located in Baku .
AZAL PFK ' s ground is in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan and is located in Shuvalan , Baku , Azerbaijan .
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League .
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup , Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken and the leader is LEADERNAME .
Aarhus Lufthavn A / S is the operating organisation for Aarhus Airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 and the runway name is 10R / 28L .
Aarhus Airport is operated by the Aarhus Lufthavn A / S and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 0025 - 5858 .
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ( abbreviated to Abh . Math . Semin . Univ . Hambg . ) has the LCCN number 32024459 and the LCCN number 32024459 .
Julius Springer is the founder of Springer Science + Business Media which is the publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas .
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Texas and is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix .
Aenir is written in English and was followed by Above the Veil .
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and was followed by Above the Veil .
Above the Veil is available in hardcover .
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix and has 248 pages .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino , Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff and NUMBEROFSTUDENTS students . The dean is Mario Botta .
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio , Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students . It has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and the director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , COUNTRY . It has 700 postgraduate students and it has 700 postgraduate students .
The Acharya Institute of Technology , Bangalore , has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It has 700 postgraduate students and it has 700 postgraduate students .
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B . M . Reddy .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore . The president is B . M . Reddy .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , India . The institute ' s president is B . M . Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore , Karnataka , India . It was established in 2000 and was established in 2000 . Its director is Dr . G . P . Prabhukumar and it ' s president is B . M . Reddy .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli , Acharya Dr . Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road , Hessarghatta Main Road , Bangalore – 560090 , India . It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Mumbai .
The sport of tennis is governed by the International Tennis Federation and is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka which is governed by the International Tennis Federation . It is governed by the International Tennis Federation .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica ( abbreviated to Acta Math . Hungar . ) has the LCCN number 83646315 and the LCCN number 83646315 .
The ISSN number of Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) has the LCCN number 60040714 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ( abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol . Pol . ) has the LCCN number 60040714 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is published by Polish Academy of Sciences and has the ISSN number 1732 - 2421 and the LCCN number 60040714 .
The MONUMENT is located in LOCATION .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is in the municipality of Gettysburg , Adams County , Pennsylvania .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . It is categorised as a contributing property .
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania and is categorised as a contributing property . The monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in Adams County , Pennsylvania .
Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the Adare Manor .
George Richard Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 .
The architect of Adare Manor was James Pain and George Richard Pain , .
Adare Manor was designed by the architect Philip Charles Hardwick and was completed in 1862 .
Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and is lead by Enda Kenny . The leader of the country is Enda Kenny .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick .
Adare Manor is located in Adare , County Limerick , which is governed by LEADERNAME .
Addiction ( journal ) has the LCCN number 93645978 .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is Addiction .
Addiction ( journal ) ( abbreviated to Addiction ) has the ISSN number 1360 - 0443 and the ISSN number 1360 - 0443 .
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley - Blackwell which is the publisher of the Addiction ( journal ) which has the ISSN number 0965 - 2140 .
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in 1961 and was completed in 1964 and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York and is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
Adisham Hall , Haputale , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian .
Adisham Hall , Sri Lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka , whose leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe .
The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale .
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale , Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture .
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the architectural style of Tudor Revival architecture .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly .
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly . It is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities .
Cornell University , in the city of CITY , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly which is affiliated with the Association of American Universities .
Cornell University , located in Ithaca , New York , is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land - grant Universities .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is 610 . 0 metres above sea level .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama , Community of Madrid , Spain .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE . The runway name is 14L / 32R and it has a length of 4100 . 0 .
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is 18L / 36R .
The ENAIRE is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Madrid , Paracuellos de Jarama , San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas . The runway name is 18L / 36R and has a length of 3500 . 0 .
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir which was followed by Above the Veil .
Aenir is written in English .
Aenir , written by Garth Nix , has 233 pages and is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT .
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba .
AGR is the operating organisation for Agra Airport which is located in India . The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG .
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force . The airport has a runway length of 1818 . 0 and is VIAG . The airport is 167 . 94 metres above sea level .
The Indian Air Force is the operating organisation of Agra Airport which is located in Uttar Pradesh . The ICAO Location Identifier of Agra Airport is VIAG .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh , Awadh .
A . C . Cesana ' s ground is in Alagoas and they have been champions of Campeonato Brasileiro Série C . They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil .
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture , Japan and has 3 floors and is located in Akita Prefecture .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . The ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group in Japan .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan . The ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group in Japan .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita Prefecture , Japan where the leader is Tarō Asō .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Japan , where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan , where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Japan , where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
Akita Museum of Art has a floor count of 3 .
Perth is in United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the United States , where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Infraero is located in Summit County , Ohio .
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault .
Akron Summit Assault ' s ground is St . Vincent - St . Mary High School in Akron , Ohio , Summit County , Ohio , United States .
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season season .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah .
The runway length of Al - Taqaddum Air Base is 3684 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where the Arabic is spoken .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase which is located in Iraq . The runway name is 08 / 26 and has a length of 3990 . 0 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Iraq . The runway name is 08 / 26 and has a length of 3990 . 0 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase which is located in Iraq and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The runway name is 09R / 27L and has a length of 3990 . 0 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase which is located in Al Anbar Province , Iraq . The runway name is 08 / 26 and has a length of 3992 . 88 .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The USAF was involved in the Korean war and fought in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is operated by the United States Air Force . The USAF fought in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F - 16 Fighting Falcon .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The USAF was involved in the Korean war and fought in the Invasion of Grenada .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The USAF fought in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F - 15 Eagle .
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase . The United States Air Force fought in the Korean war and deploy the Lockheed AC - 130 attack aircraft and the Lockheed AC - 130 .
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in the United States .
The Mason School of Business is the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia , United States . The current tenants are the Mason School of Business and the current tenants are the Mason School of Business .
Alan B . Miller Hall is owned by College of William & Mary .
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B . Miller Hall which is located in Williamsburg , Virginia and is owned by the College of William and Mary .
Alan Bean was born on 1932 - 03 - 15 .
Alan Bean is from the United States .
Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler , Texas .
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and was a total of 100305 minutes in space . He spent 100305 minutes in space .
Alan Bean was a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a test pilot and was a test pilot .
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas on March 15th , 1932 . He was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space .
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler , Texas . He was a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th , 1923 in New Hampshire . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He was a test pilot and died in California .
Alan Shepard was a test pilot .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He died in California . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
Alan Shepard was a member of the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which ranks higher than Department of Commerce Gold Medal .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Alba County , Romania . The capital of Romania is Bucharest .
The area code for Albany , Georgia is 229 .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Dougherty County , Georgia , Dougherty County , Georgia , United States . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
The English language is spoken in United States where the English language is spoken and the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the English language .
Americans live in the U . S . , where the leader is known as the President . The country is the location of the UNIVERSITY in the U . S . where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
The capital of Oregon is Salem , Oregon .
Albany , Oregon is part of United States .
The area area of Albuquerque , New Mexico is 505 , 575 .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the Mayor .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the New Mexico House of Representatives .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the New Mexico Senate .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico is the LEADERTITLE .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico , is the city of Albuquerque , New Mexico .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100 and the ISBN number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States .
Brandon Sanderson is the author of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians which was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener ' s Bones .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States , where English is the language spoken .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group . The book is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages . The OCLC number is 78771100 .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and is 88 . 0 metres above sea level . The 1st runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14 / 32 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the OPERATINGORGANISATION .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . The runway name is 18L / 36R and has a length of 3310 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore . The runway name is 18R / 36L and has a length of 2900 . 0 .
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab , Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . The runway name is 18L / 36R .
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360 . 12 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and is 210 metres above sea level .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan . The runway name is 7 / 25 and it has a length of 1533 . 0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan . The runway name is 1 / 19 and it has a length of 2744 . 0 .
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township , Alpena County , Michigan , United States and serves the city of Alpena , Michigan and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
Akron , Fulton County , Georgia , is part of Fulton County , Georgia .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Fulton County , Georgia , Fulton County , Georgia , United States . The African Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Georgia ( U . S . state ) , Georgia ( U . S . state ) , United States . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
The capital of United States is Washington DC and the capital city is Washington DC . The capital of the country is Washington D . C .
The leader of United States is LARGESTAlpharetta , Georgia , the country where the largest city is LARGESTAlpharetta , Georgia and the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
The total area of Amarillo , Texas is 233 . 9 ( square kilometres ) .
The capital of United States is Washington DC and the capital city is Washington DC . The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States .
BUILDING is located in the state of Texas , United States .
Washington , D . C . is the capital of United States where the English language is spoken and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is CAPITAL and the capital is CAPITAL .
CAPITAL is the capital of United States where the English language is spoken and the capital is CAPITAL .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Randall County , Texas .
Amarillo , Texas is part of Texas .
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy .
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce .
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy .
Amatriciana sauce is a dish from Lazio , Italy . The main ingredients are Tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road .
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Akita , Gujarat .
The address of Amdavad ni Gufa is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus , near CEPT University , opp . Gujarat University , University Road , Gujarat .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader and Sumitra Mahajan is the leader .
The academic discipline of AIDS journal is Mathematics .
American Journal of Mathematics , abbreviated to Am . J . Math . , comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics .
American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by PUBLISHER in the United States .
American Journal of Mathematics is published by PUBLISHER .
Ampara Hospital is located in the region of Ampara District , Sri Lanka . Austin Fernando is the leader of Sri Lanka .
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province , Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte .
Austin Fernando is the leader of Eastern Province , Sri Lanka which is lead by Austin Fernando .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 3800 metres .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has the number 18 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
The first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made from asphalt .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06 / 24 ' Kaagbaan ' .
The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan .
The area code for Anaheim , California is 657 , 714 .
The leader of Anaheim , California is the LEADERTITLE . The leader of Anaheim , California is the LEADERTITLE .
The leader of Anaheim , California is the United States House of Representatives .
United States is part of Orange County , California .
The leader of LOCATION is the LEADERTITLE . The leader of Anaheim , California is the LEADERTITLE .
United States is part of Adams Township , Madison County , Indiana .
The city of Anderson , Indiana , United States , is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana and is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana . The city of Anderson , Indiana is part of Anderson Township , Madison County , Indiana .
The city of Anderson , Indiana is part of Indiana , United States .
Anderson , Indiana is part of Richland Township , Madison County , Indiana .
The population density of Anderson , Indiana , is 523 . 9 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
Andrews County Airport is 973 . 0 metres above sea level .
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews , Texas . It is 973 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the capital is Austin and the inhabitants are called Texans .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , where the capital is Austin , Texas and the English language is spoken .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the English language is spoken and the English language is spoken .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas , United States , where the inhabitants are called Texans .
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the largest city is Houston .
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County , Texas .
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896 . 0 .
Angola , Indiana is located at 324 . 0 above sea level .
Angola , Indiana is part of Indiana , in the United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana , Pleasant Township , Steuben County , Indiana , United States . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made from Asphalt .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda . The runway name is 05L / 23R and it has a length of 3800 . 0 .
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo , ISPARTOF , Angola . The airport serves the city of Luanda .
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
The total area of Antioch , California is 925 .
The area code for Antioch , California is 925 .
Antioch , California has an elevation of 13 . 0 above sea level .
Antioch , California is part of Contra Costa County , California .
The leader of San Francisco Bay Area is the California ' s 11th State Assembly district . The leader of San Francisco Bay Area is the California ' s 11th State Assembly district .
The leader of Antioch , California is the United States House of Representatives .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken .
Antwerp International Airport is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government .
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government and is operated by the Flemish government and is operated by the Flemish government and is 12 . 0 metres above sea level .
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler , Texas and served as a test pilot and was commanded by David Scott . He was a fighter pilot .
Alan Bean was born in BIRTHPLACE and retired on September 1st , 1969 . He retired on September 1st , 1969 .
Buzz Aldrin is a test pilot .
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a member of the Apollo 8 crew .
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439 . 0 .
April O ' Neil was created by Kevin Eastman .
Peter Laird is the creator of the comic character , April O ' Neil .
The runway length of Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport ( New Zealand ) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia where the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Arem - arem is a food found in Indonesia , where the leader is Jusuf Kalla and the leader is Jusuf Kalla .
The main ingredients of Arem - arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
Arlington , Texas has an elevation of 184 . 0 above sea level .
Curitiba is part of Tarrant County , Texas , United States .
United States is part of Texas .
The population density of Arlington , Texas is 1472 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the capital is Rome .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy where the Italian language is spoken .
Arrabbiata sauce is a food found in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella .
Chili pepper is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce .
Chili pepper is an ingredient of Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy .
Tomato is a member of the Solanaceae family and is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce .
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the Rome region of Italy .
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the Rome region of Italy .
Arròs negre is a dish from Catalonia , Spain . The main ingredients are White rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
Arròs negre is a dish from Catalonia , Spain . The main ingredients are MAININGREDIENTS .
Arròs negre is a food found in Catalonia , where Parliament of Catalonia is a leader and the Spaniards are an ethnic group .
White rice is an ingredient of Arròs negre .
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region .
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community region .
Arròs negre is a dish from Valencian Community , Spain .
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia . The main ingredients are Fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria .
The Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in the Malaysia where the Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington D . C . and the Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group .
The Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in the Malaysia where the Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington D . C . and the Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group .
The Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in the Malaysia where the Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington D . C . and the Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group .
The Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group in Malaysia where the Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group and the Malaysian Indian are an ethnic group . Asam pedas is a dish from Malay Peninsula .
The Batak are an ethnic group in Malaysia where the Batak are an ethnic group . Asam pedas comes from the Sumatra region .
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia , where Malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group and Malays ( ethnic group ) are an ethnic group .
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has a floor count of FLOORCOUNT .
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and the first runway is 12467 feet long .
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA .
The Ashgabat International Airport is operated by the OPERATINGORGANISATION .
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which is located in Ashgabat , Turkmenistan . The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is HUBAshgabat International Airport .
The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 11 / 29 .
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds was Julia Morgan .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the grounds of Asilomar Conference and Hearst Castle .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds .
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and was the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference and the grounds of Asilomar Conference and Hearst Castle .
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds .
The architecture style of Asilomar Conference Grounds is " Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows " .
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Asilomar Blvd . , Pacific Grove , California and was built in YEAROFCONSTRUCTION .
Asilomar Conference Grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in Pacific Grove , California and was constructed in 1913 . It was constructed in 1913 .
Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913 .
Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) and was constructed in 1904 . It was constructed in 1904 .
Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in Avenue A ( Manhattan ) and was constructed in 1904 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City .
Asser Levy Public Baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in New York City and was constructed in 1904 .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Manhattan and is lead by Cyrus Vance , Jr . .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , United States .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , New Netherland , New York City , which is lead by Cyrus Vance , Jr . .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Manhattan , United States where the leader is Gale Brewer .
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City , Brooklyn .
The comic book character Asterix ( comicsCharacter ) was created by Albert Uderzo and the American , Albert Uderzo .
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens . It is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece and Nikos Voutsis is the leader of Greece .
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece . Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the leader of Greece and Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the leader of Greece .
The area code of Atlanta , is 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
Atlanta is part of Georgia .
The capital of United States is Washington DC and the capital city is Washington DC . The capital of the country is Washington D . C .
The leader of Atlanta is Kasim Reed .
The area area of Atlanta is 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
The total area of Atlantic City , New Jersey is 44 . 125 ( square kilometres ) .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of the New Jersey .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
United States is part of Atlantic County , New Jersey .
LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey is the largest city in United States where the largest city is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey .
Atlantic City , New Jersey is part of New Jersey .
The leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey , in the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey , is 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
The population density of Atlantic City , New Jersey is 1421 . 2 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and serves the city of Atlantic City , New Jersey .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in LOCATION , New Jersey , United States . The leader of Atlantic City , New Jersey is Don Guardian .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States .
Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation for Atlantic City International Airport which has the runway name 4 / 22 .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which is located in Four World Trade Center .
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and owned by Stephen Dilts .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , United States and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
The runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is 13 / 31 .
Attica , Indiana is located at 166 . 0 above sea level .
Attica , Indiana , is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana , which is part of Logan Township , Fountain County , Indiana . Attica , Indiana has a population density of 1 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometres .
Auburn , Alabama is part of Lee County , Alabama .
The city of Auburn , Alabama is part of Alabama .
The capital of United States is Washington DC and the capital city is Washington DC . The capital of the country is Washington , D . C . and the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Lee County , Alabama , Lee County , Alabama , United States .
BUILDING is located in the state of Alabama , Lee County , Alabama , United States .
The total area of Auburn , Washington is 77 . 41 ( square kilometres ) .
The city of Auburn , Washington is part of King County , Washington , in the U . S . A . , is part of the King County , Washington .
United States is part of Pierce County , Washington .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . , the capital of United States is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . . The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
United States is part of the state of Washington ( state ) , United States . The capital of United States is Olympia , Washington .
Austin , Texas is part of Texas .
LARGESTAustin , Texas is the largest city in Williamson County , Texas , which is part of Williamson County , Texas .
The largest city in Texas is Hays County , Texas .
LARGESTAustin , Texas is the largest city in Texas , Texas .
LARGESTAustin , Texas is the largest city in Texas , Texas .
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia , Indonesia .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Indonesia , where the Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group .
Ayam penyet is from the Singapore region .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to DEDICATEDTO . The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and the leader is Artur Rasizade .
The Atatürk Monument is located in Azerbaijan , the capital of which is Baku . The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the capital city is Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital city is Baku . The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and the leader is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku and the native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku .
The leader of Turkey is Artur Rasizade .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the capital is Baku and the leader is Artur Rasizade and the capital is Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan , where the leader is LEADERNAME . The National Assembly is the legislature of Azerbaijan .
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the leader of Azerbaijan .
Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC which is located in Broadcasting House and is the location of the BBC which is located in Broadcasting House . The BBC is a key person at the BBC .
BLT is a variation of BLT and BLT .
BLT is a variation of the BLT dish which is a variation of BLT and BLT .
Tomato is an ingredient in FOOD .
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area region of United States . The main ingredients are Sausage .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and the capital is Washington D . C . and White Americans are an ethnic group .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the leader is John Roberts .
Bacon Explosion is a food found in United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
Bacon is the main ingredient of Bacon Explosion .
Bhaji and bajji are alternative names for Bacon sandwich .
Bread is an ingredient in the bacon sandwich which is a variation of the club sandwich .
Bread is an ingredient of Bacon sandwich which is a variation of BLT .
Bacon sandwich is a variation of the bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' s bacon ) is a variation of the bacon sandwich .
BLT is a variation of the BLT dish which is a variation of the bacon sandwich and BLT .
Bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom and contains gram flour and vegetables .
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from France .
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of France .
Baked Alaska is a food found in France where the leader is Manuel Valls .
Baked Alaska is from France where the currency is the Euro and the currency is the Euro .
Baked Alaska is a food found in Hong Kong , France . Gérard Larcher is the leader of France and Gérard Larcher is the leader of France .
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from United States .
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of United States .
Baked Alaska is a dessert that contains raisins . Sandesh is a dessert .
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group . The dish is also a dessert .
Baked Alaska is a dish from Paris , New York or Hong Kong , United States . The main ingredients are Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region .
Baked Alaska is a dish from Hong Kong , France , United States or China . The main ingredients are MAININGREDIENTS .
Baked Alaska is a dish from Hong Kong , United States . The main ingredients are Meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or Christmas pudding .
Fruit preserves is an ingredient of Bakewell pudding which is a variation of Bakewell tart .
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region . The main ingredients are Ground almond , jam , butter , eggs .
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region . The main ingredients are ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
A variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which comes from the region of Derbyshire . Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell tart .
Bakewell pudding can be served as a COURSE .
Vermicelli is an ingredient of Bakso which comes from Indonesia .
Celery is an ingredient of Bakso which is a member of the Apiaceae family .
Bakso is a dish from the REGION region of Indonesia . The main ingredients are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
Beef is an ingredient in Bakso which is from Indonesia .
Bakso is a dish from the REGION region of Indonesia . The main ingredients are Ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The Baku Turkish Martyrs Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . It is dedicated to Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army Soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku . The memorial is known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku .
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs ' Memorial is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı .
Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC .
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by BBC .
Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman , broadcasted by STV .
Bananaman was first broadcast by the STV on 3 October 1983 and starred Jill Shilling .
Tim Brooke - Taylor starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC on 15 April 1986 .
Tim Brooke - Taylor , born in Derbyshire , starred in Bananaman .
Bandeja paisa is a food found in Colombian cuisine .
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which comes from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine .
Chicharrón is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa .
Chicharrón is an ingredient of Bandeja paisa which comes from Colombian cuisine .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Paisa Region , Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Lemon is a member of the Rutaceae family and is a member of the Rutaceae family and is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa .
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Paisa Region , Colombian cuisine . The main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region region .
Hogao is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which comes from the Paisa Region region of Colombian cuisine .
Barny Cakes is a dish from France , where François Hollande is a leader and François Hollande is the leader .
Barny Cakes is a food found in France where the leader is Claude Bartolone .
Barny Cakes is a food found in France , where Manuel Valls is a leader and Manuel Valls is the leader .
Barny Cakes is a dish from France , where François Hollande is a leader and François Hollande is the leader .
Barny Cakes is a main course .
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish which is found in Indonesia . Shumai is a variation of Shumai .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which comes from Indonesia .
Batagor is a variation of Siomay , which is a variation of Siomay , which contains peanut sauce and is a variation of Siomay .
Batagor is a dish found in Indonesia , where the leader is Joko Widodo and Shumai .
Batagor and Siomay are variations of the same dish and is a variation of Siomay .
Shumai is a variation of Batagor .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which is a variation of Siomay .
The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
The main ingredients of Batchoy are bacon and sausage .
Batchoy is a dish from La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippines . The main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
The main ingredients of Batchoy are bacon and sausage .
Batchoy is a main course dish from the Philippines . The main ingredients of Batchoy are bacon and sausage .
Shrimp is an ingredient of Batchoy .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit . It stars Scott Adsit .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk .
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 .
Palm sugar is an ingredient of Beef kway teow which comes from Singapore .
Beef kway teow is a dish from the REGION region of Singapore . The main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore , where Tony Tan is a leader .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob .
The main ingredients of Beef kway teow are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
Beef kway teow is from the Indonesia region .
Sesame oil is an ingredient in Beef kway teow which comes from the Singapore region of Indonesia .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore , where the Standard Chinese is spoken and the leader is Halimah Yacob .
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in Beef kway teow which comes from the Singapore region of Singapore and Indonesia .
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore , Indonesia . The main ingredients are Kway teow , beef tender loin , gula Melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
French is the language of Belgium .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken and the leader is Charles Michel .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where LEADERNAME is the leader .
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp which is located in Belgium . The capital of Belgium is City of Brussels and the leader is Charles Michel .
The comic character Auron ( full name Benjamin Urich ) was created by Roger McKenzie ( comic book writer ) .
The full name of Ben Urich is Benjamin Urich .
Bhaji , bajji is also known as Bhaji , bajji .
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India . It includes gram flour and vegetables .
Bhajji originates from the region of Karnataka , India . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Bhajji is from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the currency is the Indian rupee .
Bhajji is from India where the people are called Indian people .
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India . The leader of India is Vajubhai Vala and the people are known as Indian people .
Bhajji is a food found in Karnataka , India . The leader of India is Sumitra Mahajan and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan .
Bhajji is a food found in India where the leader is T . S . Thakur .
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of Karnataka . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway .
The comic book character Blockbuster was created by Marv Wolfman and Marv Wolfman .
The comic character Auron ( full name Bo Bibbowski ) was created by Marv Wolfman .
The full name of Bibbo Bibbowski is Bo Bibbowski .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit . It was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter . It was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Ryan Potter .
ASTRONAUT was born in Lancashire .
Binignit is a food found in Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group .
Binignit is a dessert that contains raisins . Sandesh is a dessert .
Binignit is a dessert that contains raisins . Sandesh is a dessert .
Sweet potato is part of the order of Solanales and is a member of the Solanales order of flowering plants .
Taro is an ingredient of Binignit .
Binignit is a dessert that contains raisins . Sandesh is a dessert .
The main ingredients of Binignit are Banana .
Sweet potato is the main ingredient of Binignit .
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and coconut milk .
Binignit is a dish from Visayas , Philippines . The main ingredients are Coconut milk .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dish from the Mexico .
Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico . The main ingredients are Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dish from Jalisco , Mexico .
Bionico is a dish from Guadalajara , Mexico . The main ingredients are Chopped Fruits , Sour Cream , Condensed Milk , Granola , Shredded Coconut , Raisins .
Raisin is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico .
Bionico is a dessert that can be found in Mexico where the Spanish language is spoken and the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto .
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto .
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo . Bionico is a dessert .
Bionico is a dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico . Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Bionico is from Mexico where the currency is the Mexican peso and the currency is the Mexican peso .
Cottage cheese is a variation of Bionico .
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region .
Bionico is from the Jalisco region .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row .
Birmingham , who was born in Birmingham , is the leader of Birmingham and the leader is Liberal Democrats .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham , whose leader is Andrew Mitchell .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham and is lead by the Labour Party and John Clancy ( Labour politician ) .
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin , who was born in Birmingham , whose leader is Labour Party ( UK ) .
Jon Valor is also known as Jon Valor .
The comic character , Blockbuster , also known as Mark Desmond , was created by Carmine Infantino and Carmine Infantino .
The comic character , Blockbuster , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Gary Cohn ( comics ) and Gary Cohn ( comics ) .
The comic character , Blockbuster , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Gary Cohn ( comics ) and Gary Cohn ( comics ) .
The comic book character Blockbuster , also known as Larry Bolatinsky , was created by Ernie Colón and Ernie Colón .
William Anders ( born in British Hong Kong ) was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
Alcobendas is part of Erie County , New York .
Byron Brown is the leader of Catalonia .
Buzz Aldrin graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . 1963 .
Buzz Aldrin was born on March 15 , 1932 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 . He was a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on 1930 - 01 - 20 .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15th , 1932 . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1955 . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1955 . He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1955 . He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on March 15th , 1932 . He was a fighter pilot and a fighter pilot .
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and is a United States national .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a M . S . in 1962 . He was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
William Anders , born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on the 23rd of July , 1927 . He graduated from the U . S . and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . 1963 .
The American William Anders was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and served as a test pilot and was operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin , a US national , was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and served as a test pilot and was operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a test pilot and was a fighter pilot .
William Anders , who was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , is now retired , and was a member of the NASA operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey on October 17th , 1933 . He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew . He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew .
American William Anders was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B . S . in 1955 . He was a member of the US .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey and served as a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Buzz Aldrin was born on March 15 , 1932 in Glen Ridge , New Jersey . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Sc . D in 1963 . He was a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963 .
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge , New Jersey , Essex County , New Jersey .
Buzz Aldrin , a US national , was selected by NASA in 1963 and graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Sc . D . 1963 .
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 .
Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr . He was a member of the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
William Anders , who was born in BIRTHPLACE , was born in BIRTHPLACE and was a member of the NASA operated by NASA .
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963 .
The leader of California is SENATORS .
Alan Shepard , who was operated by NASA , died in California . He died in California .
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy , which was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy .
The leader of LOCATION is the LEADERTITLE . The leader of Anaheim , California is the LEADERTITLE .
The Spanish language is spoken in California .
The English language is spoken in SPOKENIN .
Arròs negre is a food found in Catalonia , where the leader is LEADERNAME and the leader is LEADERNAME .
Poaceae is in the class Bird .
Massimo Drago plays for Chelsea F . C . .
Massimo Drago plays for Inter Milan .
Alcobendas is part of Munster .
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick , Munster .
Curitiba is part of South Region , Brazil .
Dunwoody , Georgia is the largest city in Dunwoody , Georgia .
The people of Denmark are called Danes .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of CITY , Denmark . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and its leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . Denmark ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and the leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and it ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Bionico and cookies are both desserts .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He died in California .
Alan Shepard , who died in California , died in California .
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California . He died in California .
3Arena is located in Dublin , Republic of Ireland .
Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Chicago .
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk . It was created by Steven T . Seagle .
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township , New Jersey , Atlantic County , New Jersey , United States . The ICAO Location Identifier of Atlantic City International Airport is KACY .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin .
Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin . He graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 .
Elliot See was born in BIRTHPLACE and graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He died in St . Louis .
Elliot See graduated from NWC with a M . A . in 1957 . He died in St . Louis .
Elliot See died on 1966 - 02 - 28 .
Elliot See died in St . Louis .
Elliot See died in St . Louis on February 28 , 1966 .
Elliot See is now retired .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the language is English .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the ETHNICGROUP and the language is English .
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the language is English .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the language is English .
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where the language is English .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and the capital is Washington D . C . and ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
ASTRONAUT was born in Burbank , California .
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , where the leader is Hailemariam Desalegn .
The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels . The country ' s leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
Perth is in Iraq .
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Tor Books .
Massimo Drago plays for FC Barcelona .
Perth is in United States .
Austin is part of Dougherty County , Georgia , which is part of Dougherty County , Georgia . The capital of Dougherty County , Georgia is Atlanta .
The city of Fulton County , Georgia is part of Fulton County , Georgia , United States .
Perth is in United States .
Alcobendas is part of Grand Chute , Wisconsin .
FOOD is from the Umbria .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in the region of Umbria .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , Gujarat , where Anandiben Patel is a leader .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , where Sumitra Mahajan is a leader .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York in the United States .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake , New York which is part of Essex County , New York , United States .
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene , Essex County , New York , United States .
The currency of India is the Indian rupee .
Indian people inhabit India .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , India was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . The largest city is LARGESTKuttikkattoor .
The AWH Engineering College in Kerala , India was established in 2001 . India ' s largest city is Mumbai and its largest city is Mumbai .
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala , India . India ' s largest city is Mumbai and its largest city is Mumbai .
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India .
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat , India , where Narendra Modi is a leader and Narendra Modi is the leader .
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand . The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force .
Agra Airport is operated by the Indian Air Force , which is located in Uttar Pradesh , where the leader is Ram Naik .
English is the language of the U . S . which is part of Madison County , Indiana , in the U . S . A . which is part of Madison County , Indiana .
The city of Anderson , Indiana is part of Indiana , United States .
Indonesian language is spoken in Singapore .
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where the leader is Joko Widodo .
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia , where the leader is Jusuf Kalla and it ' s leader is Jusuf Kalla .
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by the Infraero which is located in Brasília .
The novel Aenir was preceded by Castle ( novel ) and was followed by Into Battle ( novel ) . The book was preceded by Castle ( novel ) and was followed by Into Battle ( novel ) .
The Arabic is spoken in Iraq .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the Kurdish languages is spoken and the leader is Fuad Masum .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the Kurdish languages is spoken and the leader is Haider al - Abadi .
Al - Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq . Fuad Masum is the leader of Iraq and Fuad Masum is the leader of Iraq .
Amatriciana sauce is a food found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso .
Amatriciana sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini and the language is Italian .
Amatriciana sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Laura Boldrini and the leader is Laura Boldrini .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the capital is Rome . The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , the capital of which is Rome and the capital is Rome and the capital is Rome .
The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella .
Amatriciana sauce is a food found in Italy , where the capital is Rome and the leader is Matteo Renzi and the language is Italian .
The ground of A . S . Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy , where the official language is Italian . The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella and the official language is Italian .
The leader of Jalisco is Aristóteles Sandoval .
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita , Akita , Akita , Akita , Japan .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore , where Tony Tan is a leader and the Baduy are an ethnic group .
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java .
Fried chicken is an ingredient in Ayam penyet which comes from the Nationwide , also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore region of Java . The Javanese people are an ethnic group in Java .
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore , where the English language is spoken and the Javanese people are an ethnic group .
Massimo Drago plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig .
Roy Thomas won the Eisner Award .
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley , Derbyshire and died in St Louis .
The novel Owen Glendower is the novel .
Massimo Drago plays for FC Dallas .
The Riverside Art Musuem is the Palace Of Westminster .
Gene Colan is an American .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the country of COUNTRY .
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor , Kerala has 250 academic staff . Kerala ' s leader is Kochi .
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala which is led by Kochi .
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala , COUNTRY . The leader of Kerala is Kochi and its leader is Kochi .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader .
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan . The leader of LOCATION is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana .
Infraero is located in Beverly Hills , California .
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom , where the capital is London and the leader is Elizabeth II .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Luciano Spalletti who plays for Empoli F . C . .
Massimo Drago plays for Udinese Calcio .
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Luciano Spalletti who is in the Empoli F . C . club and plays for Empoli F . C . .
The city of Anderson , Indiana is located in Madison County , Indiana , United States .
Amarillo is the county seat of Anderson , Indiana .
AIRPORT is located in the Spain .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid which is part of Community of Madrid , where the leader party is the Peoples Party .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in Madrid , Spain , where the leader party is Ahora Madrid .
Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia .
Cleveland is part of New York .
Alcobendas is part of United States .
Marriott International is a key person at Marriott International which is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Bethesda , Maryland .
Roy Thomas won the Kirby Award .
Massimo Drago plays for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
The manager of A . C . Cesena is Massimo Drago who plays for A . S . D . Licata 1931 and is attached to the club A . S . D . Licata 1931 .
The manager of A . C . Cesena is Massimo Drago who plays for A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 and is attached to the club A . S . D . S . S . Nola 1925 .
The manager of A . C . Cesena is Massimo Drago who plays for S . S . Chieti Calcio and is attached to the club S . S . Chieti Calcio .
The leader of Romania is LEADERNAME .
The leader of Mexico is Silvano Aureoles Conejo .
Massimo Drago plays for Atalanta B . C . .
Massimo Drago plays for Vicenza Calcio .
Alcobendas is in the United States .
The largest city in Texas is Detroit .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument , established in 1907 - 07 - 11 , is categorised as a historic district in the United States and was established in 1907 - 07 - 11 .
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907 and is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County , Maryland .
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and is a total of 100305 minutes in space .
United States is part of the state of New Jersey , United States . The capital of United States is Trenton , New Jersey .
Alcobendas is part of New Netherland .
The Spanish language is spoken in SPOKENIN .
Perth is in United States .
Portland , Oregon is the largest city in India .
Alcobendas is part of California .
Pakistan ' s leader is Sardar Ayaz Sadiq .
Gene Colan is an American .
Max Huiberts is in the 1 . FC Köln club .
The manager of 1 . FC Köln is Peter Stöger who plays for FK Austria Wien and plays for FK Austria Wien .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , where the language is Philippine Spanish and Zamboangans are one of the ethnic groups .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the language is Arabic and one of the ethnic groups is Igorot people .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Igorot people are an ethnic group and the Zamboangans are ethnic groups .
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines , where Philippine Spanish is spoken and the Zamboangans are ethnic groups and the Chinese Filipino .
Binignit is a dessert found in Philippines where the Philippine English is spoken and the Philippine English is spoken .
Binignit is a dessert found in Philippines where the Philippine English is spoken and the Philippine English is spoken .
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids .
AIRPORT is located in New Jersey .
Massimo Drago plays for F . C . Bari 1908 .
The capital of Romania is Bucharest .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române !
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The capital of Romania is Bucharest and its capital is Bucharest and the capital is Bucharest .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the leader is Klaus Iohannis and the leader is Klaus Iohannis .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Bucharest . The country ' s capital is Bucharest and the capital city is Bucharest .
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia in the city of Alba Iulia , Romania . The leader of the country is Klaus Iohannis and the national anthem is Deșteaptă - te , române !
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia , Romania . The country ' s leader is Klaus Iohannis and the leader is Klaus Iohannis .
SAGE Publications is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly which has the ISSN number 0001 - 8392 .
Adolfo Suárez Madrid – Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes , Spain where the leader party is the Peoples Party .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students . The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association . The leader of the country is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and the leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels . The School is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus , Denmark . The leader of Denmark is Lars Løkke Rasmussen and the leader is Lars Løkke Rasmussen .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 . Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 16000 students and its Latin name is " Universitas Aarhusiensis " .
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus , Denmark was established in 1928 .
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen .
There are 16000 students at the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University .
ASTRONAUT was born in Northbrook , Illinois .
FOOD is in China .
Shiitake is an ingredient of Batagor which is a variation of Shumai .
Beef kway teow is a food found in Singapore where the English language is spoken and the leader is Tony Tan .
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of FOOD .
Perth is in United States .
White South African are an ethnic group in Romania .
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia , where the Spanish language is spoken and the Spaniards are an ethnic group . The country ' s leader is Susana Díaz .
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain . The leader of Spain is Susana Díaz and the people are known as Spaniards .
Jong Ajax is a tenant of the BUILDING .
Perth is in United States .
Malays ( ethnic group ) is an ethnic group in Sumatra .
The language spoken in Texas is LARGESTArlington , Texas , the largest city in Texas .
Fort Worth , Texas is the largest city in Fort Worth , Texas .
LARGESTArlington , Texas is the largest city in Texas , Texas , United States .
The leader of United States is LARGESTArlington , Texas and the largest city is LARGESTArlington , Texas .
The leader of Texas is LARGESTArlington , Texas , the largest city is LARGESTArlington , Texas .
Houston is the largest city in Texas .
Faber and Faber is the publisher of WRITTENWORK .
Tomato is a member of the Solanaceae family and is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is located in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
The Atatürk Monument ( İzmir ) is found in Turkey , where the capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu .
The Atatürk Monument in Izmir , Turkey is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . The capital city is Ankara and the currency is the Turkish lira and the currency is the Turkish lira .
The Atatürk Monument in Turkey was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932 . The leader of Turkey is the President of Turkey .
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu . The Ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 .
The Atatürk Monument is located in Turkey , where the largest city is Ankara . The largest city in Turkey is Istanbul and the capital city is Ankara .
Ahmet Davutoglu is the largest city in Turkey where the capital city is Ankara . The capital city is Istanbul and the currency is the Turkish Lira and the capital city is Ankara .
David Cameron is the leader of Catalonia .
Elizabeth II is the leader of Catalonia .
One of the noted United States Air Force is the BROADCASTEDBY .
The Boeing C - 17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force .
Infraero is located in United States Capitol .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the capital is Washington , D . C . .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington , D . C . .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and the capital is Washington D . C .
The capital of United States is Washington DC and the capital city is Washington DC . The capital of the country is Washington DC and the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . , the capital of United States is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey is the largest city in United States where the largest city is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey and the largest city is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey .
The capital of United States is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey and the capital city is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey . The capital of United States is LARGESTAtlantic City , New Jersey and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the English language is spoken and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States , where the capital is Washington , D . C . and the leader is Barack Obama . The leader of the country is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
The capital of United States is Washington DC and the capital city is Washington DC . The capital of the country is Washington , D . C . and the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
The capital of United States is Washington DC and the capital city is Washington DC . The capital of the country is Washington , D . C . and the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the United States , where the African Americans are an ethnic group .
Americans live in the U . S . where the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the ethnic groups of the United States , where the English language is spoken .
The leader of United States is LEADERNAME and the leader of the country is the President . The country is the location of the UNIVERSITY in the country of United States , where the leader is LEADERNAME .
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Romania .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Summit County , Ohio , Summit County , Ohio , United States . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in Benton County , Oregon , Benton County , Oregon , United States . The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in United States .
The leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States is the New Mexico Senate . The country is the location of the leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico , where the leader is John Sánchez .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the capital is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The capital of United States is Washington DC and the capital city is Washington DC . The capital of the country is Washington DC and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the United States , where the leader is Barack Obama and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
The Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in United States , which is part of United States .
The UNIVERSITY is located in the United States , where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
The capital of United States is Washington DC and the capital city is Washington DC . The capital of United States is Washington D . C .
The country of United States is the location of the UNIVERSITY in the U . S . where the ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
The capital of United States is Trenton , New Jersey and the capital city is Trenton , New Jersey . The country is the location of the ETHNICGROUP and the capital city is Trenton , New Jersey .
The UNIVERSITY is located in United States where the leader is the Mayor of Albuquerque . The leader of the country is LEADERNAME and the leader is the Mayor of Albuquerque .
The English language is spoken in SPOKENIN .
Akron , Ohio is in the United States where the English language is spoken .
The English language is spoken in United States where the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the ethnic groups of the United States and the language spoken is English .
The English language is spoken in United States where the English language is spoken and the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the languages spoken in United States , which is the location of the languages spoken in United States .
The leader of United States is the LEADERTITLE . The country is the location of the leader of Albuquerque , New Mexico , where the leader is LEADERNAME and the leader is the LEADERTITLE .
The English language is spoken in United States where the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the ethnic groups of the United States and the language spoken is English .
The English language is spoken in United States where the English language is spoken and the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the English language .
The English language is spoken in United States where the English language is spoken and the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the English language .
Americans live in the U . S . where the English language is spoken . The country is the location of the ethnic groups of the United States , where the English language is spoken .
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States which is lead by the President . The leader of the country is Joe Biden and the leader is the President of the United States .
Barack Obama is the leader of Italy .
The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital city is Washington , D . C . . The capital of United States is Washington , D . C . and the capital is Washington , D . C . .
A Severed Wasp is written in English and is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
A Wizard of Mars is written in English and is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the language is English .
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States , where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital is Washington D . C . and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington D . C . and ETHNICGROUP are an ethnic group .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group .
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups .
1634 : The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the leader is known as the President . African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is known as the President . ETHNICGROUP are one of the ethnic groups in the United States .
The leader of the United States is known as the LEADERTITLE .
A Wizard of Mars is from the United States where the leader is known as the President . The leader of the United States is LEADERNAME and one of the ethnic groups is African American .
Americans live in the U . S . , where the leader is known as the President . The country is the location of the UNIVERSITY in the United States , where the leader is known as the President .
A Glastonbury Romance was preceded by PRECEDEDBY .
William Anders , born in British Hong Kong , was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1st , 1969 . He retired on September 1st , 1969 .
William Anders was a US national who was born in British Hong Kong . He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a M . S . in 1962 . He was a fighter pilot and retired on September 1 , 1969 .
William Anders is a US national who was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th , 1933 . He was a fighter pilot and retired on September 1 , 1969 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1st , 1969 . He was a crew member of the Apollo 8 crew .
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and retired on September 1st , 1969 . He was a crew member of Apollo 8 .
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th 1933 . He was a crew member of Apollo 8 and spent 100305 minutes in space . He was a fighter pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space .
William Anders was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 8 .
William Anders graduated from the AFIT , M . S . 1962 and is now retired .
William Anders graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a Bachelor of Science degree . He was a member of the Apollo 8 crew . He was a crew member of the NASA .
